that loves characters its and communicates something rather beautiful about nature human
on the worst revenge - of - - nerds the clichés filmmakers the could dredge up
that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment
demonstrates that director the of blockbusters such hollywood as patriot games can still turn out personal small a film , with emotional an wallop .
are more deeply thought through than in films - thinking most right ' `
for moviegoers those who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
equals the original and in ways some even betters it
if anything , see it for black karen , who camps up a storm as fringe feminist conspiracy theorist a named dick dirty .
which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or part the where something 's happening
plot the is nothing but clichés boilerplate from start to finish ,
will find little of interest in film this , which is often preachy and poorly acted
more than best another ` ` man '' clone by weaving theme a throughout funny film this
as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with fourth feature his
proves once again he has n't lost touch his , bringing off superb a performance in admittedly middling film an .
a muddle splashed with beauty bloody as vivid as scorsese any has ever given us .
ben poor bratt could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point - to - point driving directions .
to be as subtle and touching as room son the 's
though ford and neeson capably hold interest our , but a movie its not just thrilling
corporate the circus that is industry recording the in current climate the of mergers and downsizing
storylines the are woven together skilfully , the aerial shots magnificent swooping are breathtaking , and experience overall the is awesome .
sounds like cruel a deception carried out by men of intelligence marginal , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
film to affirm love power 's to help people endure unimaginable horror almost
, like life , is n't much fun without highs the and lows
khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep extremes the of blood curdling intensity screwball and farce - family on one continuum .
that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to creation the of bugsy than caterer the
acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has new a career ahead of him
hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read subtitles the
addition to sporting one of worst titles the in history cinematic recent
direction the has - fluid a , authority no nonsense , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal deal the .
would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling ,
altogether too slight to be called kind any of masterpiece
nicks and steinberg match their creations own for pure venality -- that 's giving it the college try old .
proves lovely trifle a that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with own cuteness its .
the film 's mid - budget low to - is betrayed by surprisingly work makeup shoddy the .
brings conviction proper the to his role as ( jason bourne ) .
as woman a young of charm great , generosity and diplomacy
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch age middle - and
lively engaging and a examination of similar obsessions how can dominate a family .
so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws
, it serves as workable a primer for the recent 's history region , and would make terrific - a tool grade learning 10th .
is big excuse one to play one scene lewd after another .
that underscore importance the of tradition family and community familial
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and conviction consistent emotional .
as if trying to grab a lump of play doh - , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story
reveals how important talents our special can be when put in service of of others .
just one that could easily wait for your pay per dollar view
justify theatrical a simulation of camp death the of - auschwitz ii birkenau
have i seen film a so willing to champion the fallibility of the heart human
disney again ransacks its archives for - quick sequel a buck .
eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights
the picture runs minutes mere 84 a , but it 's glance no .
's procession remarkable of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated romance the genre .
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting
with color and depth , and rather time good a
being able to hit on a 15 - year old when you 're over 100
starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's sci comedy spectacle the fi - as whiffle epic ball - .
speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be
enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
plot a cobbled together from largely flat moments and uncreative
believe it or not , jason actually takes backseat a in his film own to special effects
only thing to fear about ` ` fear com dot ''
manages to infuse path rocky the to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
a résumé loaded with credits like ` girl ` in bar # 3
very little to add beyond visions the dark already relayed by superb predecessors recent
if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to talented some performers
whole affair the , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ...
the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , schoolers old and innovators current
to kinetic life a so teeming that cranky even adults may rediscover kid quivering the inside
seems slice disappointingly a thin of class life london - lower ; despite title the ... amounts to surprisingly little
gem this comic is as delightful as it is derivative .
understand the difference between fun dumb and just plain dumb
frida is n't that much different from many a hollywood romance .
does point the way for indian adventurous filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
are worth the price of admission ... if mayhem ` gory ` '' is your idea of good a time
serves as auto - critique , and clumsiness its as censure its damning own most .
offering norwegian tedious which somehow snagged oscar nomination an .
, esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it
look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction
guns , martial filmed arts cheatfully , bloodsucker computer effects disintegrating and moves jagged camera
take care is nicely performed by quintet a of actresses ,
guys two who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up
hugh grant , who has line good a in charm
is movie a american pan - , with moments of insight genuine into urban the heart .
i could have used my two hours better watching being malkovich john again .
shot in artful watery , tones of blue , green and brown
unorthodox film noir an little organized crime story that includes one of the strangest
rock skills fighting 's the are more in line with seagal steven
water warm under a red bridge is celebration a of feminine energy , tribute a to the power of women to heal .
that uses - real crime sensational - , a life century 19th as a metaphor for
, movie home will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and smile a on face your .
, the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
screen huge - format to make - fashioned old an nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind camera the .
becomes more comedy school high dumb one about sex gags and prom dates
create film a that 's not merely about kicking undead * * *
like most of films jaglom 's , some of it is honestly affecting
's rhythms marivaux , and sorvino limitations mira 's as a actress classical
he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes
tv - a movie clunky approach to detailing chapter a in the life of playwright irish the celebrated , poet and drinker
i ' m not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
bound to appeal to women looking for a time howlingly trashy
, it never quite makes grade the as tawdry trash .
has stuff right the for silly entertainment summer and has laughs enough to sustain interest to end the .
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days
enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .
not everything in escapade comic this ambitious works , but coppola , along with sister his , sofia , is filmmaker real a
you find yourself rooting for gai character 's to avoid the fate that has befallen other carmen every before her
walked out muttering words like ` ` horrible '' and ` ` terrible , ''
help chicago make transition the from stage to screen with appeal considerable intact
you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride
luminous interviews and film amazingly evocative from three decades ago
from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find spark a of its own
, you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of company astonishing the 's growth .
scherfig , who has had a career successful in tv
beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
is never any question of how things will turn out
about all just of film the is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
the chateau , sense a of light heartedness - , that makes it attractive throughout
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well - crafted and one this is .
movie a that ca n't get distance sufficient from leroy 's
of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
the film worst a man has made about women since valley of dolls the
come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count
just as film argentine the recent son of bride the reminded us that good - feel movie a can still show real heart
package the in which -- timely -- content this fascinating and comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; petite frame her and vulnerable persona emphasising plight her and isolation
squareness that would make it the darling of family - and many cable - - oriented kids a channel
movie less thing ( , odoriferous ) an a than appalling ... so
that it progresses in - such low manner a key that it risks monotony
makes my wedding greek fat big look like apartheid drama an
never achieve the popularity of greek big fat my wedding
` ` focus auto '' works as unusual an biopic and document of swingers male in era the playboy
right now , they 're merely signposts marking slow the , lingering death of imagination .
often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on engaging the , which gradually turns time what is it there ?
energy the it takes to describe how bad it is
could easily be called the film korean best of 2002
cast a solid , assured direction and complete lack of day modern irony .
of the road , where ironies thematic the are too obvious and politics the sexual too smug
's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures life a interestingly lived
weaves the both elements of the plot and a evocative mood powerfully combining sexuality heated with haunting sense a of malaise .
has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive
you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in movie another .
as it is a collection loose of gags not - funny - so , scattered moments of lazy humor
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets job the done .
, good action acting good good , , dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
gaghan ... has thrown suspenseful cliché every in the book at this story nonsensical .
the elements darker of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate illumination the created by two the daughters
story already thin an boils down to invaders surviving seeking anti existent an - virus .
claustrophobia the paranoid of submarine a movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a script indulgent - self ...
is expressly for idiots who do n't care kind what of sewage they shovel into gullets their mental to simulate sustenance .
which nurses holes plot gaping enough to pilot olympic swim entire team an through
director claude chabrol has become master the of innuendo .
, and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's ,
... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming - of - age tale full of sex , n ' roll ' drugs rock and .
lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his shoulders admittedly broad .
the director , with his fake backdrops and pacing stately ,
a diverse and cast astonishingly articulate of israeli children and palestinian .
for brilliant its touches all , dragon loses fire its midway , nearly flickering out by perfunctory its conclusion .
, reality shows -- reality shows for sake god 's !
whatever 's sentimental movie , lessons hypocritical the about sexism , true its colors come out in various t scenes and shower wet shirt - .
is worse : part the where nothing 's happening , or part the where something 's happening
like max future rothman 's , does not work .
has feel together the - thrown of show a talent camp summer - : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and
may just end up trying to drown yourself in lake a afterwards .
at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless
balances both stories or modern traditional together in manner a that one never overwhelms the other .
the histrionics surface failing to compensate for paper - characterizations thin the and situations facile
plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub sophomoric sexual - banter .
... familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from xerox a machine rather than director ) ( - franc writer .
responsible for one of movies worst the of year one
understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself
it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen
's way long a from intelligent orwell cry , 's dark warning ( 1984 )
a coming - of - age film that avoids clichés cartoonish the and sneering humor of genre the as it provides view a fresh of type old an --
ardently waste ' time viewers with gobbler a like this
it sets out with pretensions no and delivers big time
see how many times they can work the words ` ` radical '' or ` ` suck '' into a sentence
provide moments the funniest in oddly sweet this comedy about highway jokester patrolmen
romantic comedy / this asks the question souvlaki much how can you take before sets indigestion in .
aspires to be more than ` man ` another best '' clone by weaving a theme throughout funny this film
impresses as , adaptation skillfully polished assembled a professional highly and ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' was .
failure to construct a story with a trace even of interest dramatic
but it also comes with laziness the and arrogance of thing a that already knows it 's won .
it 's a vanity film frightful that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .
, future endeavors lizard will need to adhere more closely to laws the of laughter
hot on hardwood the proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
distant piece emotionally , remote chilly a , ... so dull that tagline its should be
, but what really sets film the apart is 's refusal debrauwer to push buttons the easy emotional
shines on the characters all , as the direction is intelligently accomplished
taps into fears the primal of people young trying to cope with and mysterious nature the brutal of adults
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating .
genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout ,
draws audience the into unexplainable the pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss
spliced together bits and pieces of run midnight and hours 48 ( and , for that matter , shrek )
those eternally devoted to insanity the of black will have intermittently time an good .
of its music or antics comic , but through pleasure perverse the of watching disney scrape the bottom of barrel own its cracker
feeling guilty for it ... then , miracle of miracles , the movie does - a flop flip .
that there 's other reason no why anyone should bother remembering it
effort the is sincere and the results are honest , but film the is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable
it forces you to watch people doing things unpleasant to each other and themselves
the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit
like - extended ended , poem open an than story structured a traditionally
's about as convincing as musclefest other any arnie , but has a much resonance too little with events world real and
the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version
this may be film strongest burns 's since brothers the mcmullen .
manages to accomplish sequels few what can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it
tell story a about vietnam the war before the pathology set in
a adventure rollicking for you and mateys your all , regardless of ages their
makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in fresh a way .
the film goes right over edge the and kills sense every of believability
a beyond - lame satire , ' bears teddy picnic ranks among the directing debuts pitiful most by esteemed an writer - actor .
movies with courage the to go over top the and movies that do n't care about being stupid
the film a test celluloid litmus for pedigree the intellectual emotional and of your date and a step giant backward for director a i admire
a meditation on faith and madness , frailty is stuff blood curdling - .
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like ` ` the addams family '' to everyone looking in
uselessly redundant and shamelessly money - grubbing than most sequels third horror - rate
entertaining an mix of period drama and flat - out farce that should please history fans
suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as characters the are in it .
... efforts the of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a story dumb are for naught .
liberal doses of dark humor , exterior photography gorgeous , and a stable - full of performances solid
placed in pantheon the of the best of the swashbucklers
intimate moments unguarded , the of folks who live in unusual homes --
that only the rip off that we were aware of
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull story a cohesive out of time its - 2 1/2 hour running
clotted with - , heavy handed symbolism dime - store psychology and scenic shots endless that make minutes 105 seem twice as long
comes from culture film renowned indian a that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor
of those professionals underrated who deserve but rarely receive it
we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story
reacting to it - feeling a part of locations grand its ,
delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away
gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off sequences ally mcbeal some style - deft fantasy .
find portrayal a scathing of entity powerful a strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most
if ever dependable a concept such was botched in execution
pianist the like a surgeon mends heart broken a ; very meticulously but without any passion
that is more complex and honest than anything represented in hollywood film a
lush the morvern wonderfully callar is punk pure existentialism , and
showing us well - stunts thought or chase a car that we have n't seen 10,000 times
make film the more silly than scary , like sort some of martha program decorating stewart run amok
would ever work in mcculloch a production again if they looked at how movie this turned out
mitchell england 's roger , who handily makes move the from pleasing
likeable thanks to its cast , cuisine its and tunes quirky its .
film 's hero the is bore a and his innocence soon becomes kind questionable a of inexcusable innocence dumb
fascinating thriller dark , a that keeps you hooked on delicious pulpiness the of lurid its fiction .
is , arguably , work most accomplished the to date from stanley hong 's kong versatile kwan .
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from movie a barker bad clive .
us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
story his ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
type the of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent
first , for movie a that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
presents us with movie action an that actually has brain a .
human nature is goofball movie a , in way the malkovich that was , but it tries too hard
'' feels capable of charming masses the with star power , a pop - induced score and sentimental moments that have become a trademark spielberg .
honest visceral and revelations dangerously about men the and machines behind curtains the of our planet
kirshner and monroe seem to be in contest a to see who can out - bad - act the other .
wo n't feel cheated by high the infidelity of unfaithful .
convey sense a strong of ' the environment girls .
the kind of , - overblown inspired enterprise under that gives hollywood sequels a bad name
is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly fathers the fateful -- in emotional the evolution of bewitched the adolescents two .
brown jim treats his women -- as , credulous , unassuming subordinate subjects , dumb
has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one
opera soap a - twist quality in last the 20 minutes ... almost puts kibosh the on what is otherwise a work sumptuous of imagination movie b - .
to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up comedies romantic
peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
schaeffer is n't in film this , which may be why it works as well as it does .
is impressive for the sights and sounds of beats wondrous the the world has to offer
lags badly in middle the and lurches between very not comedy - funny - , dramatics unconvincing and last - action some minute strongly reminiscent of run run lola
than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
will find in ' foibles these characters a timeless perspective and unique
hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves
manages to show humane the gentle and side of middle eastern politics world
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
fare , with creative enough energy and wit to entertain all ages
' n safe as to often play like movie milquetoast a of week the blown up for big the screen
like to skip but buffs film should get to know
come close to the level of intelligence splendor visual and that can be seen in other films
get caught up in the thrill of company astonishing 's growth the
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once
is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps film the grounded in realism an social undeniable
is in place the right , plea his for democracy and action civic laudable
from kevin kline who unfortunately works with star script two a
change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and
is always joy a to watch , even when material her is not rate - first
great to see turd this squashed under truck a , preferably a semi
by means no movie great a , but it is forthright refreshingly one a .
who seem bound and determined to duplicate vampire now lugosi - 's cliched accent bela
... the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has sense a of audience his .
the story wondrous love most in years , it is film a great .
in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
the only way to tolerate this insipid film , brutally clueless might be with dose large a of painkillers .
that 's steeped in mystery and a beauty ravishing baroque ,
idea ( of aged romance middle - ) is not handled well and , except for fine star the performances
, bigelow demonstrates breadth a of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the echelons upper of world directing the .
is unhibited enthusiasm the refreshingly that people the , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to music their
would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
give pretty a good overall picture of situation the in laramie following the murder of shepard matthew
documentary a fails to live up to -- or offer new insight any into -- chosen topic its
of survival wrapped in suspense - pounding the heart of psychological stylish a thriller
you wish you were at home watching movie that instead of in the theater watching one this
's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of hollywood romance bland
thriller a police gritty with all dynamics the dysfunctional family one could wish for
with cast wonderful ensemble a of characters that bring routine the day to struggles day of class working the to life
nonetheless appreciates art the and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .
despite wit its dry and compassion , film the suffers from a emptiness philosophical and pacing maddeningly sedate .
a sense deft of humor about itself , playful a spirit and game a cast
with family all the dysfunctional dynamics one could wish for
measured against themed - practically like film any other than sweeping franchise - oscar predecessor its
are performances uneven the by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate lugosi - accent now bela vampire cliched 's
be surprised at the variety of tones in work spielberg 's
made eddie murphy a star movie and the man has n't aged a day .
marked by acute writing and host a of splendid performances .
an suspenseful piece absorbing deeply eerily , that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as thriller sci a solid fi -
much of what 's on morning saturday tv especially stuff the educational - pseudo we all ca n't stand
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
sequences the animated are well done and perfectly constructed to convey sense a of imagination childhood
get the impression that writer director steers and burr knows territory the
's good to see michael caine whipping out dirty the words and punching people in the stomach again .
escapes precious trappings the of romantic comedies most , infusing into the story very real
trouble every day is success a in sense some , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead
keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all years these
ebullient film tunisian an about transformation startling the of bound - a tradition widow who is drawn into exotic world the of belly dancing .
a stab at soccer hooliganism , double rip off - a barreled - of tarantino shootout quentin climactic 's -- and
, the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .
is n't heated properly , so that it ends up
is story crime genre - a curling that revives wheeling spirit noir - free the of old cinema french .
can only point the way -- but thank goodness for signpost this
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
waterlogged a version of ` fatal attraction ' for bopper - set the teeny ...
to maintain a level both of characters human - scale intrigue sophisticated and that suck the audience in
acting exquisite inventive its screenplay , , music mesmerizing , and
like one long , meandering sketch inspired by works the of john waters and solondz todd , rather than a developed story fully
by ensemble the cast , flat dialogue the by vincent nebrida r. or the gutless direction by guillen laurice
is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain degree a reasonable of suspense on its own
can outgag any of whippersnappers young those making moving pictures today
the devastating events profoundly of one year ago and painful the , slow process healing that has followed in their wake
mr nelson . has made film a that is worthy experience devastating and an undeniably .
bullock sandra and grant hugh make great team a ,
everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .
has , caffeinated a sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with care more , but
ends with story a that is so far - fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare
it 's supposed to be a comedy romantic - it suffers from too norma much rae and pretty woman not enough .
run out of clever ideas and gags visual about halfway through
to set and shoot a movie at festival film cannes the
are relegated to the background -- step welcome a forward from raphael the jesse sally atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .
dramatize 's life messiness from inside out , in strange all its quirks
lots conventional -- of boring talking heads , etc . -- to do matter justice the subject
deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson
is standard fare crime drama ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
96 a minutes zippy of special mediocre effects , dialogue hoary , accents fluxing , and -- worst of all -- silly - looking morlocks .
of logic and misuse of fine actors two , ashley morgan freeman judd and
i like that smith , he 's not making fun of people these , he 's not laughing at them .
, grey zone the attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in grisly sort a of way .
it 's movie the worst i ' ve seen this summer
one of christmas most , frantic - natured pics the foul virulent season and ever delivered by studio hollywood a
) 's ( strenuous seagal attempt at change a in expression
promisingly but disintegrates into humorless dreary soap , opera a .
humor offbeat , characters amusing , and happy ending a
nothing going for it other than exploitive its array of obligatory cheap
lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through meat 's grinder kafka and into buñuel casings 's
that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and , a twisty nostalgic yarn that will keep them guessing
knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
just is n't as weird as it ought to be .
should have stirring time a at movie beautifully drawn this
many of things the that made the charming one first
all about the benjamins evokes the tier bottom of blaxploitation flicks from 1970s the .
begins like drama a docu - but builds story character its multi - with flourish a .
film the is , arguably , the work accomplished most to date from 's hong stanley versatile kong kwan .
treatise a on spirituality as well as - a thriller solid fi sci
it would fit chan like basement $ - a 99 bargain special .
character a movie more unattractive or odorous ( than leon )
haneke script 's ( from novel 's elfriede jelinek ) is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .
though film the is well - intentioned , one could rent the original and get story love same the and parable .
, scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . '
comedy sharp , - atmospherics fashioned monster old movie , and heart genuine
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into wound an open .
truth bracing a that 's refreshing after phoniness the of bonding female pictures - like secrets divine of ya - ya the sisterhood
a heartbreakingly classic minor thoughtful , the work of artist a singular genuine and .
a powerful sequel and one of best films the of year the .
as well - written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and barrels two smoking , but stylish and moody and
has a truth bracing that 's refreshing after phoniness the of bonding female - pictures like divine secrets of ya sisterhood - ya the .
deserves place a of honor next to nanook as a landmark in history film .
saw success potential the inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo
intoxicating fumes the and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt
no doubt intended film the to affirm 's power love to help people endure almost horror unimaginable
patchy combination of opera soap , realism - low magic tech and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .
the film does n't have innovation enough or pizazz to attract teenagers , and
is stuff misanthropic , cruel with weak only claims to surrealism and comedy black .
4ever has appeal same sledgehammer the as videos pokemon ,
allen ( ) manages to breathe life into premise this tired somewhat .
thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one liners - , and a visual style that incorporates animation rotoscope for no reason apparent except
some material good in story their about retail clerk a wanting more out of life
contrast lack , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
under the skin of a man we only know as monstrous an , lunatic evil
transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
to convince everyone almost that it was put on screen the , just for them
's diaz the inimitable , holding it all together .
good - bad that makes eight freaks legged summer entertaining diversion a perfectly
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach truly pitch annoying a
( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really
shrapnel the moral and shellshock mental will linger long after film this has ended .
been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit
to address experience own war his world ii in style signature his
from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , humor anatomical , or character cliches
be one of movies those barely registering blip a on radar the screen of 2002
delivers powerful commentary a on how governments lie , no matter who runs them
's a tribute to actress the , and to her director inventive
stand in future years as memorial an eloquent to world tragedy trade the center
screenplay a that forces them into behavior bizarre , implausible
kramer too bad could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .
plays like a blend bad of an overripe episode of 's dawson tv 's creek and a and version down recycled dumbed - of story love .
's surprise no that as director a washington demands and receives performances excellent ,
's good - movie a feel about which you can actually feel good
falsehoods pile up , undermining reality movie the 's and stifling voice comic creator its 's .
convincing as this bland blank of man a with unimaginable demons
driven by a fantastic dual performance from holm ian ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs
lives up to stories the and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
director cox approach unorthodox , 's abstract paul to visualizing 's diaries nijinsky is both stimulating and demanding .
screenwriting master such comes courtesy of pogue john , the yale grad who previously gave us ` ` the skulls '' and
this is movie a filled with spiteful unlikable , idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged
completely piece a spooky of business that gets under your skin and blips , plot some aside ,
to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
proves once again he has n't lost touch his , bringing off performance superb a in film admittedly an middling
bond movie first the in ages that is n't fake fun
you can take the grandkids or grandparents the and never worry about anyone being bored
spanning decades three nearly of camaraderie bittersweet and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick
as it does because the leads ( ) are couple companionable such a
the film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give - me - an oscar - kind of way
is confusing on level one or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be
continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise vision his .
bears about much resemblance as to the experiences of battered women most as - man spider does to the experiences of most teenagers .
that you ' ve spent the 20 past minutes looking at your watch
we want the funk - and movie this 's got it
creates a mesmerizing and sequence fluid of images to match words the of nijinsky 's diaries .
devos and cassel have chemistry tremendous -- and sexual romantic their tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .
hard pressed to succumb to call the of the wild
revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
hybrid british an entertaining of comedy , thrills caper and romance quirky .
` it 's like having friend old an for dinner ' .
, columbus chris director takes a hat - in - hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows film the to drag on for hours three nearly .
that keeps dickens evergreen : exuberant the openness with which he expresses our most emotions basic
manages to nail the crushing - ennui spirit of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
the interviews that follow , with practitioners the of practice indian this ancient , are as subtle and as enigmatic
does n't work because there is foundation no for it
coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is filmmaker a real
remove - spider man movie the from red herring surroundings its and it 's apparent that this is film summer one that satisfies .
objective documentary hardly an , but it 's great polemic cinematic
predictable in the manner reassuring of beautifully sung carol holiday a
others will find seeking dollars - humor their best spent elsewhere .
tale a chilling of one of crimes the great of 20th century france
unpretentious entertainment competent , a destined to fill the after - school slot at shopping mall theaters across country the .
it 's a spectacle glorious like those d.w griffith . made in early days the of silent film .
real issues -- the tucked between the and crude silly storyline
if you 're fan a of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
it misses a opportunity major to be truly revelatory about psyche his .
nonstop artifice the ultimately proves tiresome , with the histrionics surface failing to compensate for - thin characterizations paper the and facile situations .
star to play fiddle second to effects dull the that allow the suit to come to life
encounter in place a where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
turn out to be bit a of cheat a in end the
that target audience even its talked all the way through it
halfway through picture this i was beginning to hate it , and , of course
animal that rare known as ' a family film perfect
other fiascos good feel - like antwone fisher or emperor 's the club any time
could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point - to - point driving directions .
it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into open an wound .
one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second - guess affection your for the original
the spy kids franchise establishes itself as durable a part of landscape movie the : bond james a series for kids .
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
like some sort of stewart decorating martha program run amok
seems to have been ` it 's just a kids flick '
with deft a sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and game cast a
through often treatment and sensitive consistently their exciting of an ignored people
's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the genre romance
manages the trick rare of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar
served by sophomoric the blend 's movie of shenanigans and slapstick
come along that turns me into specimen annoying that of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - fanboy the
worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz
's one of the worst of entire the franchise .
, rest the of us will be lulled into coma a .
cinematic a disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth price the of admission for ridicule factor the alone .
commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for one even minute
inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone
for that comes through all too painfully in the execution
counting - out gross comedies a few i ' ve been trying to forget
begins to resemble shapeless the , grasping workshop ' actors that it is .
grabs you in dark the and shakes you vigorously for duration its .
it 's type the of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent
there is certain sense a of experimentation and improvisation to film this that may not always work , but
to seem as long as the affair year two which is subject its
of crass those , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second - guess your affection for the original
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .
drag along water the weight dead ( ) of the other
you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines
it 's mildly interesting to ponder american style peculiar the of justice that plays out here , but
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves kind some of goofy grandeur
film a really has to be exceptional to justify a time hour three running , and
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .
back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than research market .
has suspense stomach knotting - the of a legal thriller , while testimony the of witnesses lends film the resonant undertone a of tragedy
authentic account of event a historical that 's far too tragic to merit superficial treatment such
a one simplistic rather : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in most place the unlikely
the plot ( other than good idea its one ) and movie the 's air inescapable of sleaziness
the obstacles of predictable outcome a and a screenplay that glosses over rafael evolution 's
is melange confusing a of tones and styles , moment one trifle romantic a and drama a turgid next the .
falls short on tension , eloquence , challenge spiritual -- things that have made the stories testament original new so compelling for centuries 20 .
film the has terrific look a and salma hayek has feel a for character the at all stages of life her .
like commercial giant a for universal studios , where much of action the takes place
work stunt the is top - notch ; the dialogue and drama often food - spittingly funny .
documentary nohe 's about the event is sympathetic without being gullible
to take entirely stale concept an and push it through 's meat audience the grinder one more time
's an exhilarating place to visit , laboratory this of laughter .
movie a thoughtful , movie a that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and consequences the of 's one actions .
courage the to go over top the and movies that do n't care about being stupid
does all of this , and more , while remaining one of hilarious the social savagely most critics this side of jonathan swift .
falling into the trap hollywood and making a project vanity with nothing new to offer
of a film balanced that explains the zeitgeist that is the games x
it is a story likable , told with competence .
especially because half past dead is like rock the on - budget wal a mart
emotional overload the of angst female irreparably drags the film down .
drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through angst the
's on saturday morning tv educational - especially pseudo stuff the we all ca n't stand
with fewer laughs deliberate , inadvertent more ones and trite stunningly songs
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old - fashioned at time the same .
proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first cast - rate
's smartly - , film up grown a directed of ideas .
even - low - wit - -- rent lower rip off and -- this of oeuvre farrelly brothers the '
game played of twists absurd plot , maneuvers idiotic court and characters stupid that freeman even ca n't save it .
this does not really make case the kissinger the should be tried as a war criminal .
sugar ` brown ` '' admirably aspires to be more than best ` another ` man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout funny this film .
features one of the most affecting depictions of affair love a ever committed to film .
tends to pile too ` serious ` many issues '' on plate its at times , yet
clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
spinning a web of entertainment dazzling may be overstating it
will remind them that hong action cinema kong is still alive and kicking .
feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in good a way
construct story a with even a trace of interest dramatic
conjures up intoxicating the fumes and emotional ghosts of a painted freshly rembrandt
pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
fans of park gosford have come to assume is day just another of cinema brit
play like milquetoast movie a of week the blown up for the big screen
there 's nothing like love to give a movie shot a b-12 , and cq shimmers with it .
one of rare those films that come by once in while a with amounts flawless of acting , direction , story and pace .
dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
pacino and williams seem to keep upping ante the on each other , just as characters their do in the film .
stirring tale an fashioned adventure emotionally but - old of the kind they
patchwork a frustrating : marriage an uneasy of source louis 's begley novel ( about schmidt ) and an payne screenplay old
indictment a heavy handed - of failings parental and indifference the of social spanish workers and system legal towards abuse child
need movies like revolution tim 's mccann no . 9 .
phoniness britney ' spears is nothing compared to lame contrived , screenplay 's the movie and direction listless .
unfortunately , that 's precisely what fundamentals arthur family 's dong does .
comedy wild a that could only spring from demented the mind
loneliness and anonymity the chilly of the environments where so many of us spend so much of time our
, , superficial tale and smart cautionary funny albeit a sometimes of a technology in search of an artist
becomes another voyeuristic spectacle just , to be consumed and forgotten .
with the material lazy and the finished product 's unshapely look
film this , which is often preachy and poorly acted
is genial a romance that maintains tone a buoyant surprisingly throughout , notwithstanding some of ' dips sporadic the writers into freudianism pop .
is thought - , cinema - food unusual for that 's as entertaining as it is instructive
the arguably script best that besson has written in years .
many went to see attraction the for the reason sole that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and
, you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down
it 's kind of sad that many so people put time so much and energy into this turkey .
upon which to hang broad characters mildly out - fleshed , that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to jerking - the demands tear of soap opera
documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with eloquent devastating clarity an ,
with which it tries to pump life into elements overworked from 's harry period eastwood dirty
use sorry of aaliyah in her one and only starring role
, i would go back and choose to skip it .
anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with touch a of silliness and a little
terrific as nadia , russian mail order a bride - who comes to america speaking a not word of english
's director - flag wallace randall waving war flick with core a of decency
dong never pushes for insights beyond superficial tensions the of the dynamic he 's dissecting
are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
that holds interest in midst the of , existential exploration mushy a of why men leave their families
eyre is on way his to becoming indian the spike lee american .
when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you .
talk to her is not movie the perfect many have made it out to be
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes
examine , the interior lives of the characters in film his , much less
is one of rare those docs that paints picture a grand of era an and makes journey the feel like a party
much of it comes from brave performances uninhibited the , by lead its actors .
's the - ruin rusted paradiso out and ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third ...
in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot
and , thanks to presence the of ` king the , ' it also rocks .
home ` sweet alabama ` '' is what it is -- harmless nice date , film a ...
all of 's dean mannerisms and indulgence - self , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability
not quite as miraculous as dreamworks its makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions
all the more poignant by the use incessant of phones cell
playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a viewer patient
does a combination great act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject --
tufano 's handsome brian widescreen photography and music grabowsky paul excellent 's
spielberg steven has dreamed up and product blatant sickening such placement in a movie .
and it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
jostling against farce , dialogue thoughtful elbowed aside by - liners one , and style visual a that incorporates rotoscope animation for reason no apparent except ,
bittersweet a drama about the limbo of grief and how truth telling - can open door the to liberation .
the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable
finds warmth in coldest the environment and makes each crumb of comfort emotional
ca n't remember the time last i saw stunt worse editing or cheaper movie action values production than in extreme ops
downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on strength the of own cleverness their as opposed to extent the of outrageousness their
directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them
wretchedly unfunny comedy wannabe this is inane and awful -
terms of the standards - low grade cheese on which it operates
fact the that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or hammy the performance improperly from stephen rea poor
a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked
is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring
sustain buoyant energy level the of film city the beginnings 's
tender examination , pointed a , often of the pros and cons of unconditional
it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring t ice - in role major a .
` girls a gone wild video ' for the boho art house crowd - , sensation burning the is n't - a cultural counter document definitive
useful in telling the story , which is paper - thin and decidedly unoriginal
passes for sex in movies the look like hysterics cheap
enough to give the film substance the it so desperately needs
but unless you 're star raving junkie an wars absolute , it is n't fun much .
is right at home in shocker this french playing boy his usual bad role weirdo
has warmth , wit and characters interesting compassionately portrayed .
animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and
comedy - good a ensemble hearted with a variety of quirky characters and engaging an story
can take credit for most of success 's the movie .
still , sensibility updated the dickensian of story writer craig 's bartlett is appealing .
one view whose of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
churns up not one but fake thunderstorms flagrantly two to underscore action the
constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as teacher noble a who embraces strict code moral a
're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
thanks likeable to its cast , cuisine its and its quirky tunes
consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up intoxicating fumes the and ghosts emotional of freshly rembrandt a painted
because room panic is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat
defuses this theme provocative by submerging it in love hoary triangle a .
competent 's direction campanella and excellent cast his overcome obstacles the of predictable outcome a and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution .
a - clash comedy culture that , in addition to being very funny ,
tipped this film into ` the ` a '' range , as is
of ` '' reputedly those ` novels unfilmable that has bucked the odds to emerge as exquisite picture an motion in right its own
to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
jolly , fun - for - fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to essence the of broadway
the makers of this ` we 're - doing - it - for - cash the - ' sequel were
is rote work and predictable , but with philosophical a visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it
is inept an insultingly artificial examination and of grief and impacts its upon the relationships of survivors the
flashy but visually narratively opaque a and exercise vapid emotionally in style and mystification .
seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka grinder meat 's and into 's casings buñuel
taste ) for ` ` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
matter a of plumbing arrangements and games mind , of sensuous or charge erotic no
uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong
that 's conspicuously missing from ' girls blowout big - screen the
filmmaker the access extraordinary 's to massoud , charm whose , cultivation and devotion to people his are readily apparent
, film the ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining .
despite its virtuosity visual , ` naqoyqatsi ' is banal in message its and choice the of material to convey it .
is opera soap unconvincing that tornatore was right to cut
we do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
this version is raised notches few a above fantasy pablum kiddie by allen 's astringent wit .
's career godfrey reggio shines like lonely beacon a .
are clinically depressed and have abandoned slim their hopes and dreams
as though you rode the zipper after eating corn a dog and cotton candy extra large - an
be homage assayas ' ( ) to ` the tradition gallic of quality ,
'll be as bored watching morvern callar as characters the are in it
, as work blood proves , that was a long , long time ago .
i liked short the story original but movie this , even at hour an and twenty some - minutes
even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that visual its imagination is breathtaking
a work of journalism extraordinary , but it is also work a of deft poetry and subtle
a promise nor threat a so much as thinking wishful
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative ,
piece a hokey ... of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
miscalculates the tuxedo badly by forcing star the to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
, longley film 's lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into historical meaningful context .
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had hearts their in right the place .
here is how people talented so many were convinced to waste time their
maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be outage a power during your screening so you can get money your back .
what they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of erotic no charge or sensuous .
typed ` chris rock , ' anthony hopkins ` ' and ` terrorists ' into like univac - machine some script
the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
, wednesday ash is essentially devoid of characters interesting or halfway even intriguing a plot .
judging by standards those , ` scratch ' is decent little documentary pretty a .
avoid the ghetto of - sentimental chick flicks by treating female follies with satirical a style
rocky a sugar - coated valuable whose messages are forgotten 10 minutes after last trombone honks the .
daft too by half ... but supremely good natured .
worst sin the of attributable to a movie like this
i have always appreciated picture a smartly motion written , and , igby flaws whatever goes down may possess , it is undeniably that .
rotten in every almost single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own * * * in embarrassment .
steers , in debut his feature film , has created picture brilliant a motion .
inelegant combination an of two shorts unrelated that falls far short of 's work the previous director
it 's rare to find film a to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies ,
a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy grandfather french
frailty ` ` '' has been written so well , that even a simple ` ` goddammit ! ''
rest the of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from teleprompter a .
that disregard the typical hollywood for historical truth and realism is at work here
you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
is akin to 's condensed digest reader a version of material source the
ponderous to work as entertainment shallow , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon
shows its tatters indie and self seams conscious - in places ,
unfolds with tension the mounting all of thriller expert an
a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been
stitched together from stock situations and characters from movies other
of films the best of the year with inventive exquisite screenplay its , acting , mesmerizing music , and inimitable scenes many
not only learning but inventing new trick a remarkable .
's something to be said for a film produced studio - that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of answers easy .
stars the young are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; message the is too blatant
awash in self flashy effects camera - consciously , droning music house and flat , flat dialogue
lingering questions about what film the is really getting at
this is a stunning rumination visually on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .
dialogue that cuts to chase the of the girl modern 's dilemma
combines melodrama improbable bullfighters gored ( , ballerinas comatose ) with kinky vigils subtly bedside and denouements sensational , and yet at the end
twohy 's a spinner yarn - good , and ultimately the story compels
bad need of major acting lessons and coffee maybe little a
` ecks ballistic ` : vs. sever '' seems as safe as children a film 's .
is the stuff that disney movies are made of .
there 's not intelligence enough , wit or innovation on screen the to attract and sustain crowd an older .
drenched sun - a masterpiece , game part parlor , part psychological case study
an entertaining certainly ride , despite many talky slow scenes ,
is smorgasbord a of soliloquies about nothing delivered by mr the . former drew barrymore .
itself virtually collapses into blackout an inhalant , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension
, sitting through hours 's dahmer two amounts to little more than punishment .
great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it
, a , steady satisfying ultimately very but stylish piece and of storytelling driven - character
mix an uneasy of run - of - - mill the raunchy humor and seemingly personal sincere reflection .
fart grand a coming from director a beginning to resemble french 's grandfather crazy someone .
nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy couple a of actors great hamming it up
boys sorority , which is as bad at it is cruel ,
of violence fetishistic , empty in which murder is casual and fun
is powerful , a naturally piece dramatic of budget low filmmaking - .
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing
could as easily have been called ` under siege 3 : in alcatraz ' ... cinematic a corpse that never springs to life .
it 's a smart , funny look at an area arcane of popular culture , and
, scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys
he 's just aristocrat a sad in tattered finery ,
perfect for the warrior proud that still lingers in souls the of characters these
in luminous interviews and amazingly film evocative from three decades ago
quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as actor phones lead the in his performance autobiographical .
the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of impression an .
is visually stunning a rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce
an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
by script a that takes chances few and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch 's planet the skin , but understands the workings of spirit its .
feels as immediate as footage latest news the from gaza and , because of , heightened its well shaped dramas - , twice as powerful .
adventure style that plays like opera soap a bad , with passable performances from everyone in cast the
20th your outing shows off lot a of stamina and vitality , and get this , cameo madonna 's does n't suck !
, the movie sinks into abyss an of clichés , depression and alternative music bad .
` ` shakes clown the '' , film a much funnier with a theme similar
, others will find their humor dollars seeking - best spent elsewhere .
film the is just examination a corny of a young actress trying to find her way .
to treat its characters , weak and strong , as human fallible beings , not caricatures , and
we hate madonna ( ) within minutes first film 's the five , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain ground any
it rarely stoops to manipulation cheap or corny conventions to do it
but in terms of style its , the movie is in class a by itself
like - end a john high hughes comedy , kind a of time bueller 's elder out
afraid to provoke introspection in characters both its and audience its
want to watch if you only had week a to live
if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's god the of second chances ' does n't put you off
terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects
movie horrific the most experience i ' ve had since ` ` ca n't stop music the . ''
nickleby this nicholas finds itself in circumstances reduced -- and
it 's fitting that movie a as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an display animatronic at disneyland .
's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes genesis its to an display animatronic at disneyland
the 's narrative movie fragmentary style makes piecing story the together frustrating difficult
you ' ve seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
a gorgeously movie strange , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers
overall , it 's provoking a , thought entertaining film very - with simple message a : god is love .
get for buck a or so in greasy that vidgame little pit in theater the lobby
film engaging an and energetic that never pretends to be something it is n't .
film festival a that would have been better off staying on circuit the festival
allowing us to find , human the moments small ,
as unflinching examination thoughtful and a of alternative an lifestyle
movie the wavers between sentimentality hallmark card and goofy , affirming - life moments straight out of phone a commercial cellular .
starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on - camera and off -- that he brings together
an cad older instructs younger lad a in zen and the art of getting laid in indie prickly this comedy of manners and misanthropy .
quietly little refreshingly , a key - mostly low inspirational sports and believable
, still manages a attempt at decent least at cinema meaningful
, but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid
for rest the of us , sitting through hours dahmer two 's amounts to little more than punishment .
gaunt , harris silver , and haired - ( leonine ) brings tragic a dimension and full - wit savage bodied and cunning to aging sandeman the .
distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them
, clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of actors the .
's white combination mike deft of matter subject serious and dark , funny humor make ` ` the girl good '' film a worth watching .
but mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures life a interestingly lived .
there might be some sort of gender provoking credible - philosophy submerged here , but who hell the cares ?
good action dialogue good acting , , good , pace good , good cinematography
i could n't help but feel potential the wasted of this slapstick comedy .
garcía bernal and talancón are immensely couple an appealing , and
suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as characters the are in it
is its surreal sense of humor and finish technological .
that is as difficult for the audience to take as it
putrid it is not worth the price of match the that should be used to burn print every of the film .
depict relationship homosexual a in fashion mature and a frank
is funny , charming and quirky in feature debut her film acting as amy
with all boozy self the indulgence - that brings out the worst in talented actors otherwise
you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
like afterschool special an with costumes by versace gianni , mad love looks better than it feels .
a wild comedy that could only spring from mind demented the of writer the
of the wise , wizened visitor from a planet faraway
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results
( ) debut clooney 's can be accused of being a bit undisciplined
we all need playful a respite from the grind to refresh our souls
at least now we ' ve got something pretty damn close
disappointing in comparison to war other recent movies ... or
deliver spider not does man - only , but i suspect it might deliver again and again .
which will take longer to heal : the welt on 's stomach johnny knoxville from riot control projectile - a or my own tortured psyche
ya the ya - 's have many secrets and one is - books the are better
seizing on haplessness george 's and 's tics lucy personality
why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when tv the cow is free ?
is holofcener , deep curtsy uncompromising 's to women she knows , and very likely is
thought that film the industry german can not make comedy a delightful centering on food .
best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of man very a insecure .
the dragons are the stars real of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed
set in the world of models lingerie and bar dancers
has finally , to extent some , warmed up to him
is brainpower such - high wattage coupled with perfect acting - pitch and exquisite unfakable sense , an of cinema .
shamefully strolls through mess this with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying bag a of golf clubs over one shoulder .
has managed to marry fiction science with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry
's spielberg realization of near - a america future is masterful .
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses
for movie a that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
found myself strangely moved by and contrivances hackneyed the even most corniest .
understand why anyone in mind right his would even think to make attraction the a movie
disguising this as one of films worst the of summer the
however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its existence own .
title the , alone , should scare person sane any away .
funny in way a that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an span attention
it appears as if even filmmakers the did n't know what kind of movie they were making .
hate feeling the of having been slimed in the name of art high
be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like
hungry for quality and nostalgic a yarn , twisty that will keep them guessing
verdict the : two bodies and laugh a hardly between them .
grant , who has n't lost bit a of dry humor the that first made audiences on both sides of atlantic the love him
finds its tone and scenes several run too long .
most appealing movies the ever made about , an teenage subject , downright boy otherwise appalling creepy a and -- in love with his stepmother
forming a chain of relationships that come circle full to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago
ends up offering nothing more than latest stallone flick or the schwarzenegger would .
, you wo n't find anything to get excited about on dvd this .
audience members will leave feeling as shaken as 's nesbitt cooper looks when bullets the stop flying
is hampered by cartoonish taylor 's performance and the 's - considered notion film ill that 's hitler destiny was shaped by the most random of chances
the threat implied in title the pokémon 4ever is terrifying
even if the naipaul original remains masterpiece the real , movie the possesses languorous own charm its .
the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .
script the has less spice than a burger rat and
to balance the formulaic all equations in the comedy heist long winded -
there 's charge real visual to the filmmaking , and spark a strong erotic to sequence crucial - most reading lip the .
highly ' davis personal brand of romantic comedy is tart breath smart , a of fresh air
issue moratorium a , effective immediately , on films treacly about professors inspirational prep - school and children the they so heartwarmingly motivate
-- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax brain 's einstein .
and immature shallow character with whom to spend claustrophobic 110 minutes
kind the of entertainment that parents love to have kids their
-- in heartwarming a , nonjudgmental kind of way --
americans stupid will get a kick out of goofy brits with accents cute performing old ages - slapstick and unfunny tricks
looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day
so boring that its even audience target talked all the way through it .
all of elements the are in place for a noir great film
're left with story a that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at wrong the moments all .
features terrible dialogue , banal ; - plotting , hole ridden convenient ; superficial characters and , chase dull rather car a unimaginative
seems the film should instead be called ` husband my is travis bickle '
in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in world the
also has humor and heart and actors very talented young
whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile
limps along on a squirm - inducing fish - out - of - water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .
goes off the path beaten , not necessarily for the better .
that tug at heart your in ways that utterly transcend gender
ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
demonstrates a breadth of vision and attention an to detail that propels her into echelons upper the of the world directing .
been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes absurdity the of premise the
ability to take what is essentially a conflict contained family and put it into a historical context much larger
wannabe film -- without ingredient the comic vital of writer hilarious the director - himself
which means that birthday girl is the kind of movie minor appealing quirkily she might not make for a while
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... sequel rare the that 's better than predecessor its
makes man this so watchable is tribute a not only to his craft , but to his legend
is actually dying slow a death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is indication any .
if you 're part of audience targeted her , you 'll cheer .
most of dialogue the made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes central idea its way too seriously .
it 's still tainted by cliches , murky and points painful improbability .
by modest ahead - , its straight standards , undisputed scores a direct hit .
knows how to inflate mundane the into scarifying the ,
unlike surf most movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take viewer the inside the wave .
is as deep as petri a dish and as well - characterized
lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and story the
end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched
portrait an engrossing of a man engaging manner whose and flamboyant style made him a truly larger - than - life character
it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming
this is more appetizing than dish side a of asparagus .
a distinctive sensibility very , working to develop film language her own with conspicuous success
of the stereotypes condescending that so plague films often dealing with the mentally ill
who are trying to make their way through this tragedy
a sequel feeder - bottom in the escape from new series york
they toss logic and science into what is essentially and dungeons '' ` fantasy dragons a ` with weaponry military modern ...
like the sport imaginary it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .
for most part the he makes sure salton sea the works the way good noir a should , keeping it tight and nasty
though intrepid in exploring attraction an that crosses identity sexual , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia emotions true 's ... but
scene one after another in funny this movie supposedly falls to floor the with thud a sickening .
adage that old about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in callar morvern .
not only does thoroughly film the formulaic represent totally exemplify middle - of - the - road mainstream , it also represents hollywood glossy at its laziest .
after the phoniness of female pictures - bonding like secrets divine of the ya - sisterhood ya
leaves doubt little that kidman has become one of best our actors
flash 's tykwer surface is n't poor a just fit with kieslowski lyrical pessimism 's
a pathetic film exploitation that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .
by central a plot that 's peppered with starts false and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
you were at home watching movie that instead of in the theater watching this one
about 90 minutes of a so - ` called comedy ' and not laugh
abandon spends minutes 90 trying figure out whether or not - kid cocky pseudo intellectual some has intentionally left college or was killed .
's shame a minutes first 101 marvelous the have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
had the balance shifted in favor of water bound - action over drama based land - ` the
problem the with fisher antwone is that it has screenplay a written by antwone fisher based on book the by antwone fisher .
, with really performances solid by ving rhames and wesley snipes .
the elements both of plot the and powerfully a evocative mood combining heated sexuality with sense haunting a of malaise
play well in european markets , where mr . besson is a name brand , and in asia , where ms . shu is an institution
be exploring idea the of why beings human long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble
elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe
engaging audience the in the travails of creating a screenplay
things really get weird , though not particularly scary :
is love genuine story a , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
dime handed symbolism - psychology store , heavy - and shots scenic endless that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
nothing left to work with , sort of like nose jackson michael 's
, you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work .
... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
weightless that a draft decent in auditorium the might blow it off the screen
leaves vague impressions and aftertaste a nasty but little memory clear of its operational mechanics
those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of audience a modern theater watching events the unfold
starts to smack of a hall hallmark of fame , with four few a letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television
if oscar had category a called bad best film you thought was going to be really awful but was n't
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he 's best brush the in the business .
audience most the young restless deserves dignity the of action an hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
but on whole the , you 're gon na like this movie .
central a plot that 's peppered with starts false and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
picture the provides unsettling ride a satisfyingly into dark the places of national our psyche .
buy is actress accomplished an , and this is big a role juicy ,
relies less on air forced than on clever direction delicate næss ' petter , ... and wonderful script imaginative a , by axel hellstenius .
by ' end movies you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others
its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant
bag mixed a distinctly , occasional the bursts of writing sharp alternating with lots of sloppiness
although idea this is results '' new ` the ` are tired
the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks mood the with ` scenes absurdly inappropriate ' comedy .
does good job a of establishing a time and place , and of telling a 's character fascinating story .
, it is impossible not to be awed by power the and grace of one of greatest sportsmen natural the of modern times .
has the complexity all and realistic behavior human of an episode of general hospital
scott campbell finds outlet the ideal for knife flick his diction - in role the of roger swanson .
put face a human on the travail of thousands of vietnamese
of the plot ( other than one its idea good ) and the movie inescapable air 's of sleaziness
the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and awkwardness the of human life is generous and deep
suffers from characters unlikable and conscious a self sense - of hipness its own quirky
and intellectual emotional the pedigree of date your and giant step a backward for director a i admire
even accepting this in right the frame of mind can only provide it with leniency much so .
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and niches hidden impulsive ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
's one way only to kill myers michael for good : stop buying tickets to movies these .
into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , extended publicity department an
retread , hobbled by half baked setups - and pacing sluggish .
consistent with messages the espoused in the company video work 's previous
because both are just actory concoctions , defined by dimness childlike and handful a of quirks
( hell is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through .
impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over head the
energetic violent movie , an with momentum a that never lets up
struggling to give themselves better a lot in life than the ones
... portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a brogue convincing .
survival wrapped in - heart pounding suspense the of a psychological thriller stylish
appeal has beyond being bullock a vehicle sandra or standard a comedy romantic
timeless if not affable , like mike raises themes worthwhile some while delivering wholesome fantasy a for kids .
putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank
stars rock schticky chris and anthony stolid hopkins , who seem barely in movie the same .
nothing can detract from the affection of favorite that moral : friends will be friends through thick and thin
is an actress works as well as it does because ( the leads ) are such companionable couple a .
see ` ` simone , '' and consider a rental dvd instead
delivers roughly amounts equal of movement beautiful and inside information .
is there group a of absorbed women more - self than the mother and daughters featured in film this
performances the are amiable and committed , and comedy the more often than not hits bullseye the .
dissing film the that they did n't mind the cost ticket
so much that he refuses to evaluate his work own
one of his most daring , and complicated , performances
, festival in cannes offers insight rare into structure the of relationships .
film minor a with pleasures major from portuguese oliviera manoel de master ...
brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from character camp stock -- a drama drowsy infatuated by own - its self examination pretentious
that thrusts the audience into future a they wo n't much care about
characters the in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of brain deadening , dull - hangover .
strangely moved by the even corniest most contrivances hackneyed and
more even haunting than those in mr spielberg classic . 's 1993
solid , spooky a entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket
's derivativeness movie blatant the is one reason it 's so lackluster .
'll find yourself remembering visit refreshing this to a sunshine state
film stupid an unbelievably , though occasionally fun enough to make you
tom tykwer , director of run resonant lola - sense the spinning run and , has turned out to be - a trick pony one
there 's outrageously action some creative in the transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time frank parachutes down onto moving a truck
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics
becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in college history course a .
the heart of film the is touching reflection a on aging , suffering and prospect the of death .
staged like ` ` baby rosemary 's , '' but is not as well - conceived as either of films those .
was so uninspiring that story a even immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep attention my .
open yourself up to . theory mr reggio 's of imagery this as 's the set movie
hoffman director , with help great from kline kevin , makes us care about latest reincarnation this of world 's teacher greatest the
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as
it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
, crush goes to absurd lengths to duck very the issues it raises .
all stops trickery visual this being clever and devolves into vaguely , flashy silly overkill .
better suited to night a in the room living than a night at movies the
pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting ethereal the beauty of asian painting landscape an
least an adolescent audience at emotionally ) ( demanding shocks regular and bouts of defensible violence sexual barely to keep it interested
i ' ve never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie .
's clotted with handed - heavy - psychology store symbolism dime , and shots scenic endless that make minutes 105 seem twice as long .
to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power
hollow , self - indulgent , and - worst of all -
to keep you at edge the of your seat with shifting shape perils - its , political intrigue and brushes with calamity
he has actually bothered to construct real story a this time .
subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of substances the foul other
the nearly fundamentals all you take for granted in films most are mishandled here .
zips along with b - movie verve while adding the details rich and go - for - broke acting that heralds something special .
is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next .
seems based on ugly ideas instead of behavior ugly , as happiness was ...
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of performances fascinating
story the has redundancies its , and actors the young , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work
's as sorry a mess as debut diabolical its director 's , mad cows
l. jackson samuel is one of actors the best there is .
treasure planet rivals animations the japanese top of vintage recent .
may lack the bite pungent of title its , but
should come with the warning ` ` for serious film buffs only ! ''
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony
feel compelled to watch film the twice or pick up book a on subject the
is touching a reflection on aging , suffering and prospect the of death .
a charm that 's conspicuously missing from girls ' screen blowout the - big
neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is
determined - , slog ennui a hobbled that really does n't have much to say beyond the news
is it really advantage an to invest subtlety such and warmth in animatronic bear an when the humans are acting like puppets ?
's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .
wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting
romantic well comedy a - satisfying made that 's both charming and well acted
film the settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in - daytime drama , a - guilty pleasure sort of fashion .
love the opening scenes of wintry york a new city in 1899 .
and a such sophisticated treatment unsentimental on screen big the
with dime psychology , - symbolism store handed - heavy and scenic shots endless that make minutes 105 seem twice as long
that movie the has idea no of it is serious or
willingness to wander into dark areas the of child parent - relationships without flinching
hard to pity plain ' the ` girl who becomes ravishing a waif after applying a smear of lip gloss -
( as well as frustration rank from those in the know about 's - tactics dumbed down rubbo )
's so devoid of joy and energy it makes jason even x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison .
film the seem like something to endure instead of enjoy
often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as gross out campus films - some .
push it through 's the meat grinder audience one more time
oft safe 's - brilliant conduct tavernier bertrand ( ` ` - passer laissez '' ) wears its heart on sleeve its
this is drama standard crime fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
gaghan captures , sometimes intimacy the - creepy lit half of rooms college dorm , subtlety a that makes the silly , over - - the top coda especially disappointing .
canny pleaser a crowd , and the kiss last ... provides more sentimental than enough catharsis for evening satisfying a at multiplex the
, bordering on , offensive waste of time , money and celluloid .
making it relatively effortless to read and follow action the at time same the
times more many how will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , - important stories self of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?
that will give you goosebumps as tale its uncanny of love , communal discord , and justice
that you ' ve seen it all before , even if you ' ve never come within a mile of yard longest the
quality the that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses basic most emotions our
a fairy tale that comes from indian renowned film culture a that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor
, visuals the and sounds enveloping of crush blue make decent this surprisingly flick worth a summertime look - see .
however , it 's pleasant enough and - its , pro wildlife ecological sentiments are certainly welcome .
could have used my two hours better watching being malkovich john again
is movie seriously a intended that is not easily forgotten .
game played of absurd twists plot , maneuvers idiotic court and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it
the characters , cast in contrived situations impossibly , are totally estranged from reality .
in alcatraz ' ... cinematic corpse a that never springs to life
scripts the uninspired , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after - school tv special
i encourage young and old alike to go see twist and this entertaining unique on the tale whale 's classic --
the pieces all fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it boost a
emerges from the simple fact that movie the has nothing virtually to show .
story love a and murder a mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime .
presence to become - leading major lady league a , ( but )
is so convinced of brilliance own its that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in
... series a of tales told with preciseness the intricate of writing the best story short .
is actually dying slow a death , if quality the poor of pokemon 4 ever is indication any
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film refreshing ` , ' but
is the kind of movie where the scene big is a man shot out of a cannon into vat a of ice cream
astonishing ... ( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in form the of pop entertainment dazzling
this starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast .
cultivated a treatment , sensitive of work greene 's as well as remarkably one faithful a .
like unforced continuation the logical , of careers the of pair a of kids spy
be awed by power the and grace of one of greatest natural the sportsmen of times modern
, hour one photo lives down to title its .
resents having to inhale secondhand 's this material gutter romancer
past the year , which means that girl birthday is kind the of quirkily movie appealing minor she might not make for a while
an portrayal winning oddly of one of life 's losers ultimate
's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong
is paced at speed a that is slow to those of us in age middle and deathly slow to any teen
most of what passes for sex in movies the look like hysterics cheap
it 's experience an in understanding unique culture a that is presented with appeal universal .
compassion the - natured good humor , and the level of insight that made ( eyre 's ) first film something of success sleeper a
cute alien creature a who mimics everyone and everything around
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .
's handling careful labute makes material the seem genuine rather than pandering .
it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .
are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting beauty the ethereal of an asian landscape painting
men the and machines behind the curtains of planet our
, dull a woefully redundant concept that bears more than whiff a of exploitation , despite iwai vaunted empathy 's
love well , , on in the time of money
uses damage the of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create kind the of art shots that fill gallery shows
has dressed up this little parable in package irresistible fairly a full of moments privileged and performances memorable
's story adventure an and lesson history all in one .
up straight horror best - - school the old , about film just of 15 the years last .
bad '' is the operative word for ` company bad `
it stars schticky chris rock and hopkins anthony stolid , who seem barely in same movie the .
it is about , life irrational unexplainable and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .
is what it is -- nice harmless film date , a ...
, ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its acting leaden , exposition dull and surprises telegraphed ` . '
cliche every in compendium war the movie across length - indulgent - - - fifteen its two and hour minute
to give them credit for : message the of movie the
says far less about horrifying the reality historical than about filmmaker 's characteristic the style
scherfig , who has had successful career a in tv , tackles more than she can handle .
be hard - pressed to find movie a with , heart fatter bigger a than barbershop
appears jagged , as if filmed directly from monitor television a , while use the extensive of stock footage quickly becomes cliché tiresome a
typical hollywood stuff pacing war movie its and formulaic , - plot
delivers monologue a that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of situation the in well balanced a fashion -
, the tale unfolds like summer a lazy afternoon and concludes with crisp the clarity of a dawn fall .
film this , meaning whose and impact is sadly heightened by current world events
aimless as an pickup old skidding completely out of control on long patch a of ice black
mess a of mixed messages , - drama over blown and willis bruce
hoffman performance 's is authentic to the core of his being .
option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
at an idea that should ' ve been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
if man the from elysian fields is doomed by smallness its
like norton edward in american history x , gosling ryan ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance .
is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of comedy theatrical that , while past ,
can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as loud out laugh lunacy - - with a pythonesque monty flavor pronounced .
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show understanding virtually no of it ?
is a movie smart that knows music its classical , knows freud its and knows sade its
wimps out by going for pg-13 rating that , so violence more the graphic is mostly screen - off
will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in stomach your .
how long will filmmakers copy the ` ` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg
is lack welcome a of pretension about film the , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in measure good
offers nothing more than a bait - and switch - that is beyond playing fair with the audience
is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on viewer a patient .
lyrical metaphor a for - cultural and self personal discovery and a view picaresque of a little world remembered - .
it 's not a picture motion ; it 's an utterly static picture
photographed and staged by mendes with series a of riveting set pieces the likes of which audiences mainstream have rarely seen .
its digs at society modern are all things we ' ve seen before .
for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from actors bland
that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it
makes the mistake same as music the industry it criticizes ,
, it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after final frame the .
, confident quiet craftsmanship that tells , sweet tale a charming of friendship intergalactic
portrait engrossing an of man a engaging whose manner and style flamboyant made him a truly larger - than - life character .
the film never recovers from clumsy cliché the of ugly american the abroad ,
i have always appreciated motion picture a written smartly , and
it must be labeled hip ` ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
where adage old the ` ` be careful what you wish for ''
implies in wake its , irreversible the intractable flow of history
kwan is master a of shadow , quietude , and noise room ,
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical
are , with drumming the routines , among saving the film 's graces .
is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two - dimensional and pointless .
enters realm a where few non - porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .
everything -- even life on aircraft an carrier -- is sentimentalized .
, assured of things the wrong , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others
know what it wants to be when it grows up
, it 's probably not accurate to call it movie a
gives it texture new , new relevance , new reality
would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects
pianist a only not , but a good human being
what could have been opera daytime soap a is actually a look compelling at odyssey 's tragic woman a young .
wilson owen know movie a must have story a and a script ?
is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is refusal 's debrauwer to push the emotional buttons easy
i ca n't say this enough : movie this is about an male adult dressed in jammies pink .
a movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from 's leroy delusions to escape their influence maudlin .
numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine yuen stuff has given us before .
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and
so it 's not brilliant a piece of filmmaking , but
tormented by his heritage , using storytelling ability his to honor victims faceless the many
a mood in which an , ominous unknown threat and , pervasive lurks just below proceedings the and adds mindset constant an almost of suspense
like to be a yorker new -- or , really , to be a being human -- in weeks the after 9/11
fails in making character this understandable , in getting under skin her , in exploring motivation ... well before end the
watching paint the proverbial dry would be welcome a improvement
is poster a movie , tribute mediocre a to films like them !
a genre -- comedy gangster the / crime -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
, you will have completely forgotten the movie by time the you get back to your car in lot the parking .
amélie tautou 's audrey with destin another fabuleux -- spiritual a , banal i.e. quest
every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?
as well - written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and smoking two barrels , but stylish and moody
entire the point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere ,
look knowing a at friendship female , spiked with humor raw urban .
i have always appreciated written motion a smartly picture ,
is significantly less charming than listening to a four - year - old with taste a for exaggeration
warm wonderfully drama human a that remains vividly in memory long
do n't want to think too much about what 's going on
what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond reliable , a dry , textbook good and what allows it to rank with predecessors worthy its
delightful mix of sulky drama teen and obstacles - overcoming sports - movie triumph
just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo poo jokes - are ` edgy .
with many effects special distracting so and tricks party visual
, this has layered characters well , developed - and surprises some .
remains tied loosely a series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny .
this is n't stand a up and flick cheer ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair
become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters
director cut this 's -- which adds minutes 51 -- takes film a great and turns it into a soap mundane opera .
lead actress gaï , she of limbs long the impossibly and conspiratorial smile sweetly ,
we , today , can prevent tragic its waste of life
asks you to not only suspend disbelief your but intelligence your as well
realistically terrifying movie a that puts another notch in belt the of long the list of tales - renegade cop .
written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for audience its .
revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung - to traditions
as kind a of , colorful dramatized program pbs , frida gets the job done .
it 's hard to imagine more generic effort a in genre the .
alternative medicine obviously has merits its ... but ayurveda does the field no favors .
i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in giant pile a of feces elephant ... positively dreadful .
dahmer clean cut - jeremy ( renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
a adventure - witch style blair that plays like opera soap bad a , with performances passable from everyone in cast the
are no effects special , and no hollywood endings .
has earmarks all the of french cinema at its best
i honestly never knew what hell the was coming next
you to bite tongue your to keep from laughing at ridiculous dialog the or - convenient the plot twists so oh
abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for crowd - the art house
to take this film at value face and enjoy slightly its and humorous story tender
bergman approaches fatalism swedish using larson humor 's gary far side
a mix of gritty realism , and storytelling radiant compassion crisp that effortlessly draws you in
dialogue , terrible banal , ridden plotting - convenient hole ; ;
that was ushered in by full monty the and is still straining to produce another smash
reduces mores wertmuller 's social and politics to tiresome jargon
endeavors future lizard will need to adhere more closely to laws the of laughter
it 's also built on premise a faulty , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .
expands into meditation a on the deep deceptions of innocence
washington most certainly has career a new ahead of him
is at once playful and haunting , an portrait in depth - of an artist iconoclastic who was fundamentally unknowable even to friends closest his .
kurys seems intimidated by subject both matter her and period trappings the of debut venture this into business the heritage .
a experience full , story love a and murder a mystery that expands into a meditation on deep deceptions the of innocence .
befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as year two the affair which is its subject
well very - meaning a movie , and it will stand in future years as eloquent memorial an to the center trade world tragedy .
you 're looking for movie an intelligent in which you can release your anger pent up
effect cumulative the of movie the is repulsive and depressing .
as visionary a with a tale full of nuance and dimension character
instead , she sees it as chance a to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung traditions to - .
wonderland adventure , stalker a thriller , and a season condensed of tv brother big 's
to see turd this squashed under truck a , preferably a semi
bore that tends to hammer home every one of points its
wild comedy a that could only spring from the demented mind of writer the of being malkovich john
madonna gives performance her best since abel ferrara had her beaten to pulp a in game dangerous his .
is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
if you grew up on scooby -- you 'll love this movie .
it does give taste a of the man burning ethos , blend appealing an of cultural - idealism counter and hedonistic creativity .
weighted down with slow , storytelling uninvolving and flat acting .
why did they deem it necessary to document emotional misery all this ?
our culture is headed down the toilet with ferocity the of frozen a burrito after bender night an all - tequila -- and
some body will take you places you have n't been , and places also you have .
interesting ... an technical exercise , artificial and talky opaque
stuff same the you can get for a buck or so in that greasy pit little vidgame in lobby the theater
- equation feminist familiar a anti ( - career kids = misery ) in duds tiresome romantic comedy -
anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with touch a of silliness and a bloodshed little .
it 's rare to find film a to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
puts enough salt into wounds the of material the self - tortured conscious and
impressions his of life and loss and time and art with us
blast trumpet another that there may be - a mexican a cinema new bornin ' . '
's kind the exactly of 's detractors movie toback always accuse him of making .
hilarious comedy unpredictable , delightfully a with wonderful performances tug that at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
into the life of szpilman wladyslaw , who is not only pianist a , but human good a being
call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the movies best war ever made
as it is psychological , well unique a study crafted - of grief
problem the with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .
of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family
young a woman of charm great , generosity and diplomacy
brain its is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
as tricky and satisfying as any of mamet games david shell 's airless cinematic .
those of you who are not an girl grade eighth will most likely doze off during one this .
parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through 's meat kafka grinder and into 's buñuel casings
it wo n't hold up over haul long the ,
religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and
will likely set cause the of warriors woman back decades
that not only would subtlety be lost on target the audience ,
markedly a film inactive , city is conversational bordering on confessional .
it shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
film the ... it was unfulfilling the , incongruous , ` ` wait a second
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable
you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together
voyage minute - this postmodern 90 was more diverting and thought - provoking than i 'd expected it to be .
watch , giggle and get boost adrenaline an without feeling like you ' ve completely lowered entertainment your standards
sunk by way much too indulgence of chewing - gnashing scene actorliness teeth - ,
the amorality peculiarly moral of woo ( 's ) best work
is most remarkable not because of epic its scope , but because of intimacy the startling it achieves despite breadth that
pique your interest , imagination your , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and indifference your
work the words ` ` radical '' or ` ` suck ''
is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .
an , resonant gem uncluttered that relays points universal its without lectures or confrontations . '
actors in suits bear bad enact a sort of species parody inter - of a vh1 behind episode the music
has merit and , in the hands of brutally a individual honest like jack prophet , might have made a point or two regarding life
chore a to sit through -- despite rate first - performances some by lead its
' ve seen ( eddie ) murphy do rogue - the shtick genial to death , but because plot the is equally hackneyed
, there is doubt no that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for film the 's thoroughly winning tone .
me no da lika accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed story love the
to be swept away by sheer the beauty of images his
at downfall 's one man , brought about by his lack of self awareness -
men in ii black achieves insignificance ultimate -- it 's fi sci spectacle the comedy - as epic whiffle - ball
a beautiful , universal and timeless tale of heated passions --
's drama a sentimental , square that satisfies , as food comfort often can
its true - to - life characters , acting sensitive its , view unadorned its of life rural and direction the subtle of - hilary timer first birmingham
actor first the to lead a group of talented friends astray
seems to have dumped whole a lot of plot in favor of ... gags outrageous
found in its ability to spoof white both stereotypes and black equally
rules expecting a slice of pie american hijinks starring the kid from dawson creek 's
... begins on a note high and sustains it beautifully .
hoffman director , writer his and agent kline 's should serve detention
confident and work a strong which works so well for first minutes the 89 , but ends so horrendously confusing
encouraging to see dimensional average three a 's experience , aged middle - , - woman of self discovery - handled with sensitivity such
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as digital photography the shabby and muddy sound .
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .
's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than caterer the
feels as everyone if making it lost mojo movie their
can only encourage us to see makhmalbaf samira as very a distinctive sensibility , working to develop own her film language with success conspicuous
better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
affords to watch jackson , who also served as producer executive , take smooth , powerful act , shrewd his abroad
insomnia is one of year 's films the best and pacino gives one of his most daring , and performances complicated ,
unflinching , an portrait complex of modern a israel that is rarely seen on - screen
are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent .
film the never rises above , conventional tale two a dimension
admire this film for objectivity harsh its and refusal to seek tears our , our sympathies .
once ice t - sticks his mug in the window of couple 's bmw the and begins haranguing wife the in stage bad dialogue
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of inspiration true .
to smack of hall hallmark a of fame , with few letter a words four thrown in that are generally not heard on television
that embraces themes fashioned - its old and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
live in them , who have carved own comfortable niche their in world the and have been kind enough to share it
balance pointed , incisive often satire and sweetness unabashed ,
once again strands performers superb his in the old story same .
ticks off lifetime 's kahlo milestones with dutiful precision the of tax accountant a
for idiots who do n't care kind what of sewage they shovel into their gullets mental to simulate sustenance
intelligent a film and rich that uses its pulpy conceit core to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how heart the accomodates practical
as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect days these from american cinema
is well suited to capture musicians these in full regalia
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from comedic fairly constructs basic .
despite aspirations modest occasional charms its are not to be dismissed .
situation the irreconcilable seemingly between christian parents conservative and and lesbian their gay children estranged
, thanks to the presence of ` king the , ' it also rocks .
package the in which content -- and this timely fascinating -- comes wrapped
anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by hedonistic corrupt weasels and
there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for minutes full 90 the , especially with payoff weak the
though it lacks the authority utter of genre a gem
that it churns up not one but flagrantly two thunderstorms fake to underscore the action
the claustrophobia paranoid of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't hollywood think of this sooner ?
's shame a that storyline the and themes its underlying ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow
effects better , better acting and branagh a hilarious kenneth .
mixes in as humor much as pathos to take us on sentimental journey his of the heart
a plot that crawls along at pace snail a 's
item rather cult little brilliant a : pastiche a of entertainment children 's , superhero comics , and japanese animation
it 's hard to imagine recent any film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .
dong never pushes for insights beyond tensions superficial the of the dynamic he 's dissecting ,
is that it is one that allows him to churn out one movie mediocre after another .
thanks to presence the of ` king the , ' it also rocks .
a character compelling staggeringly , man young a sharp whose intellect is at the very root of self - self contradictory , destructive ways - hating his ,
numerous the scenes of mayhem gory are worth the price of admission ... if gory ` mayhem ` '' is idea your of a time good
's hard to imagine anybody ever being ` ` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as grey the zone
probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters
chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and
's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring - t ice in role a major
film a to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
simultaneously heart - breaking and very funny , last kiss the is really all about performances .
filmmakers even the did n't know what kind of movie they were making
that if video the is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face late frightening fees
is sickly entertainment best and cinematic at mind pollution - destroying at worst
retooled this machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving pleasing - the , crowd goals modest it sets for itself .
who sadly are at odds hostile with one another through recklessness and retaliation
be delighted with , fast funny the and , even touching story
have resulted in a smoother more narrative , focused without sacrificing any of intrigue the cultural
is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ...
effort to share impressions his of life and loss and time and art with us
excuse big one to play lewd scene one after another
sustained the - ideas best i have ever seen on screen the
her agreeably especially use startling of ups close - and grace her with camera a moving
grab your kids and run and then probably call the police
while remaining one of critics hilarious savagely the most social this side of swift jonathan
concert movie comedy the best i ' ve seen since film previous cho 's comedy concert
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a bang bang formulaic - , shoot - em - up scene at conclusion the .
, why bother with imitator a contemptible starring ` ` snl a '' has - been acting like year - - an channeling old 8 benigni roberto ?
cast the and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their film budget small -
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than feature film a
pushing the jokes at expense the of character until things fall apart
nicholas mcgrath 's nickleby douglas does dickens as it should be done cinematically .
and the convincing solid filmmaking characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .
understand what made 's comedies allen romantic so pertinent and enduring
while american adobo has heart its ( and palate its ) in place right the
characters sketchy and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
if you have patience the for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours
is something of a stiff -- dry - comedy extra office an that seems twice as long as 83 its minutes
hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
's about as overbearing and over - - the top as family the it
is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor
returns as visionary a with a tale full of nuance and dimension character
on new a significance striking for anyone who sees film the
what thoughtful a - if for heart the as well as the mind
tells story a whose restatement is validated by changing composition the of the nation .
film a really has to be exceptional to justify time running hour a three ,
it 's mystery a how the movie could be released in this condition .
the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in past a
libertine loving fun - the lost somewhere inside handbag the - conservative sarandon , clutching
more attuned to anarchist the maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a urge creative '
that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad
, goldbacher ( ) just lets characters her complicated be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .
take complete moron a to foul up a adaptation screen of classic satire wilde 's oscar
the near mistake fatal - of being what call english the ` too clever by half
but yvan attal filmmaker quickly writes himself into a corner
a story small , scale touching - of family responsibility and care
goes straight to video -- with script lousy a , inept direction , acting poorly dubbed , pathetic dialogue and cinematography murky
' n safe as to often play like milquetoast movie a of the week blown up for big screen the .
's like having old friend an for dinner ' .
common sense flies out window the , along with hail the of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha .
once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in proceedings the ; to me
thin a disappointingly slice of class london life lower - ; despite the title ...
found myself strangely moved by and the hackneyed most corniest even contrivances
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is fun good enormously .
seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
ca n't rescue sugar brown from the curse of blandness .
it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite first some rate - performances by its lead
to give the audience a reason to want to put for effort that
work brilliant most the in this genre since uncut the version 1984 of sergio leone
hard essential the - and absolutely to predict chemistry - between the down - to - earth bullock and nonchalant grant the proves to be sensational
to be awed by the power and grace of one of the natural greatest sportsmen of modern times
evokes rebel fantasy the blithe with kind the of insouciance embedded in sexy demise the of dean james .
is a action solid pic that returns the master martial arts to form top
marvelous a performance by allison lohman as seeking identity foster - an child
but cinematography the is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
of exceedingly rare those films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us
movie a , vampire soap a opera that does n't make much
george director hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries ,
these were more repulsive than minutes or the 30 40 first
its use of the thriller form to examine ways the labyrinthine in which people 's lives cross and change ,
film a centering on indian wedding a traditional in new contemporary delhi may not sound like specialized fare
one of the best ideas - sustained i have ever seen on screen the
through eyes the of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause
to have dumped lot whole a of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags
seem less of trifle a if . ms sugarman followed through on her defiance of saccharine the
has values all the of a straight - to - video movie , but because it has - a name cast bigger , it gets a release theatrical full .
's finally been given a part worthy of her talents considerable
what really sets film the apart is refusal debrauwer 's to push easy the emotional buttons
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from trees the hooting it 's praises ,
dud a -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny
fear com dot is more frustrating than modem a that disconnects seconds 10 every .
off hook the is overlong and not well - acted , but - director credit writer - producer adam watstein with finishing it at all .
thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off attackers anonymous various , and evade technologies elaborate surveillance
some of the more silly overtly dialogue would sink laurence olivier
sincere movie , uncommonly bittersweet that portrays frank the humanity of ... recovery emotional
a first - movie class road that proves you can run away from home , but ego your and your problems all go with you
` ` how will you feel after minute an - - rip off 88 of the rock with action confined to mo gun slo - firing and random - glass shattering ? ''
captures wit dry the that 's so prevalent on rock the
, harvard man is something rare and riveting : ride wild a that relies on more than effects special .
the story , like bolero 's ravel , builds to crescendo a that encompasses paths many more than we started with .
shows a level of black young , manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated
set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on rock the .
can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , shapes marvelously history twisted has taken
on the whole , you 're gon na like this movie .
is how so people many talented were convinced to waste time their
is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent conviction emotional
's superb film a technically , shining with flair all the usual spielberg , expertly utilizing talents the of - his top creative team notch .
it 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes chore a to sit through -- despite rate some - first performances by its lead .
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending extraordinary poignancy an , and story the
constructed around core a of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
's delight a visual and popcorn adventure decent a ,
around scenes any that might have required genuine acting from spears ms .
the kind best of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand - new tomorrow
, those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for lifetime a .
quirky hybrid captivatingly a of portrait character , romantic comedy and beat - the - clock thriller
of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath movements otherwise tender
is n't ounce an of honest poetry in script his entire
, accompanying hungry the - dimwits stunt in random series a of gags collected , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . .
` just letting the mountain tell you what to do
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where nature human should be ingratiating , it 's just grating
ultimately achieves strategic objective main its : dramatizing the cost human of the conflict that came to define a generation .
cross swords with the best of them and helm popcorn thriller a traditionally plotted more while surrendering little of his rigor intellectual or creative composure
, i found myself strangely moved by the most hackneyed and contrivances even corniest .
the film is hampered by predictable plot its and thin characters - paper supporting .
there may have been film good a in ` ` trouble every day , '' but it is not what is on screen the
a romantic comedy buoyant about friendship , love , and truth the
to provide an 100 minutes enjoyable in movie theater a
little extra that something that makes it worth checking out at theaters
serious movie goers - embarking upon journey this will find that the road to perdition leads to destination a satisfying .
experience an in understanding a unique culture that is presented with appeal universal
is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and audience its
that are powerful and moving without stooping to melodrama base
follow same blueprint the from hundreds of other films ,
memorable for peculiar a malaise that renders its tension flaccid and ,
bonding inconsistent dishonest , female a dull picture , .
might try paying attention less to the miniseries and attention more to film the it is about .
story a compelling of passion musical against odds governmental .
look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten
project the laramie is worthwhile for reminding us that sort this of thing does , in fact , still happen in america
it 's one of the worst of franchise entire the .
the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
that it could have been a hoot in way bad - a movie if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
there 's film - an excellent 90 minute here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .
hold onto what 's left of glory passe his chopsocky '
i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format
to take us on journey sentimental his of the heart
originality ai n't on menu the , but there 's never a moment dull in invasion spider the giant chiller comic
it is domestic a unit about finding way their to joy
none of crackle the of ` attraction ` fatal '' , ` weeks 9 ` 1/2 '' ,
the journey is worth your time , especially if you have pompeo ellen sitting next to you for the ride .
not for the quietly striking vulnerable , personality of ms ambrose .
films joyous that leaps over national boundaries and universal celebrates human nature .
likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
lawrence unleashes his misogyny trademark -- , er comedy -- like a human volcano or tank an septic overflowing ,
will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
will have you talking ' til end the of the year
that is industry recording the in current climate the of mergers and downsizing
the story has twists some nice but the ending and some of story back - the is a little tired .
substitutable the forces easily unnamed , that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid
... 's mouth rogers never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .
that 's part of what makes kosashvili feature debut 's outstanding dover so potent
a - hearted cold curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy action a movie mindless
, elling never gets too thanks cloying to ' perfect timing comic actors the and , chemistry genuine sweet .
feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick
which has been held hostage by scripts generic that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again
create episodes some that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in amount a brief of time
is better a much - daughter tale mother than last divine secrets ` summer 's of ya - sisterhood ya the , ' but that 's not saying much
for part most whimsy 's droll wilde the helps ` ` being earnest '' overcome weaknesses its and interference creative parker 's
yes , spirited away is triumph a of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling
charged the complex tapestry , politically of life chinese contemporary filmmaker exciting this new has brought to screen the
who have carved their comfortable own niche in world the
has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but willingness not a .
is nicely shot , well - edited and features a standout performance by diane lane .
engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at a other trouble least dozen half - in - the - ghetto flicks
material this could work , especially since the actresses in lead the roles are all more than competent
are backdrops cheesy , ridiculous sequences action , and many jokes tired about men in heels
hate the feeling of having been slimed in name the of art high .
visual style mischievous a and oodles of charm make ` cherish ' movie good a ) but very not ( great .
about art , ethics , and cost the of compromise moral
this is one of 's mr . subtlest works chabrol , but also one of his most uncanny .
deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue theme the with depth added and resonance .
it 's big a idea , but film the itself is small and shriveled
has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing performances flavorful from actors bland
he 's been responsible for putting together movies any of particular value or merit
, in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
comic , sensitive modest tragedy a that works as study both character and examination symbolic
broomfield is energized by maternal wallace 's volletta fury , her fearlessness
the film suffers from emptiness philosophical a and pacing maddeningly sedate .
the movie slides downhill as soon as action macho conventions assert themselves .
it wears its heart on sleeve the of shirt its gaudy hawaiian .
undermined by 's presentation the movie , which is way too stagy
a copy stale of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with
landscape to create feature a film that is wickedly fun to watch
it is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .
russell ( ) makes good movies b ( the mask , the blob ) , and the king scorpion more than ably meets those standards
i thought i heard voice mysterious a , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward light the -- light the of exit sign the .
irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist pleas his to spare wildlife and respect environs their .
attract audiences upscale hungry for quality and twisty a yarn , nostalgic that will keep them guessing
i wish it would have just gone more over - the - top instead of trying to have it both ways .
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is martin no steve
work that lacks both a purpose and pulse a strong
gives us peek another at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls
certainly does trick the of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate victories his
if laborious the pacing and exposition endless had been tightened
food a beautiful entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless
, delicious quirky movie a with terrific a screenplay and direction fanciful by gondry michael
... has done homework his and soaked up some new theories jazzy revisionist about the origins of politics nazi and aesthetics .
brings to a spectacular completion one of artworks and the generous most subversive , complex of the decade last .
rife with , the wry rueful humor springing out of culture yiddish and language .
creates a mesmerizing and fluid sequence of images to match words the of diaries nijinsky 's
burst a of color , music , and dance that only practiced the most curmudgeon could fail to crack smile a at .
complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days
will you feel after minute 88 off rip an - - of rock the with action confined to - firing slo mo gun and random glass - shattering
's just hard to believe that life a like this can sound so dull
look at the list of movies starring ice - t in role major a
it 's all bluster -- in end the it 's as sweet as greenfingers
its recovery of an episode historical that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects
does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers
of class the upper almost as much as they love themselves
is genial a romance that maintains a tone buoyant surprisingly throughout , notwithstanding some of writers ' the dips sporadic into freudianism pop
what begins as thriller conventional a evolves into a atmospheric meditation gorgeously on changing chance - life encounters .
story for those intolerant of more the saccharine common genre
, its true colors come out in shirt and scenes shower - wet t various .
less for its story of despair actorly existential than for its hopping innovations - boundary formal and glimpse into another kind of chinese
has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goofiness goth .
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
may sound like it was co - written by executives mattel and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
faulty premise a , one it follows into melodrama and silliness
, movie the is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers amount fair a of fun kinky trashy ,
for film a that 's being advertised as a comedy , sweet alabama home is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of mothers desperate motherhood and .
- caricature self the shameless of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and
flaw 's devastating major and the most movie is reliance its on formula , though
distinction dubious the of being a imitation bad really of witch really bad project the blair
ensemble rambling piece a with connected loosely characters and plots that never quite gel
, cletis tout might inspire a trip to store the video -- in search of experience a movie better .
originality in ` life ' to distance it from pack the of paint - by - number romantic comedies
sip wines your vintage and watch productions merchant ivory your
it affords to watch jackson , who also served as producer executive , take shrewd powerful , act smooth , his abroad
improvise and scream their way around this directionless movie , lacking any of humor dark the rollicking so necessary
leave way same the you came -- few tasty morsels a under your belt , but friends new no .
an peek indispensable at the art and agony the of making people
is movie an ungainly , ill - fitting , with elbows its sticking out where the knees should be
should be commended for illustrating merits the of fighting hard for something that really matters .
the premise of x jason is silly but strangely believable .
niro de and murphy make and savory showtime hilarious guilty pleasure most the of recent a many movie season .
a whale of good a time for both children and parents seeking themed christian fun -
michele is flibbertigibbet a brainless such a that it 's hard to take quest spiritual her at all seriously .
to make a splash even greater than damme schwarzenegger - , jean arnold claud van or steven segal
rodrigues metaphor 's - within beast is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making ending the ambiguous seem goofy rather than provocative .
exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the warrior proud that still lingers in souls the of these characters .
plays like soap opera bad a , with passable performances from everyone in the cast
dragon loses fire its midway , nearly flickering out by its conclusion perfunctory .
are head and shoulders above much of director the previous work popcorn 's .
topic interesting an , characters some intriguing and a ending sad
sensuality , and sympathy into story a about adolescent two boys
, one is left with a taste sour in 's mouth one , and little else .
action the sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the series star wars .
this is , gritty little dark sometimes a , gem funny .
about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of other substances the foul
is that it jams elements too many prefabricated story into running time the
from both a great and story terrible a , nelson . mr has made film a that is an and undeniably worthy devastating experience .
sadly , as work blood proves , that was a long , long time ago .
blade 2 is definitely cut a above rest the .
's fairly lame , making it par for course the for disney sequels .
this movie plays like exercise extended dialogue an in retard 101 .
expect more from michael director apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than pileup this cliche .
the face perfect to play yearning handsome blank a to find himself
with fast jump cuts , editing and lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
there 's no excuse for following up a delightful crafted film - family , well with a - computer fish generated cold .
's rare to find film a to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty --
film a family that contains thematic some material hefty on time , death , eternity , and what
advice the best is : ` scooby ' do n't .
that 's what exactly people these two need to find each other
, this is sure to raise audience spirits 's and leave them singing long after credits the roll .
a fairly harmless but feature lifeless - length special ultimately afterschool .
to scale heights lunatic the of styled joe dante gremlins 's similarly
about every cliche in the compendium movie war across minute - two - hour its indulgent - length - fifteen and
that both thrills the eye and , in its - over the top way - , touches heart the .
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream role hispanic with a gusto clenching teeth - , she strikes chemistry potent a with molina
while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter
from comedy a college that 's audience target has n't graduated from high school junior
fan a of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy
the direction of spielberg , who does impersonation a convincing here of director a enjoying himself immensely
it sounds , but strikes tone a that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
becomes just another spectacle voyeuristic , to be consumed and forgotten
final verdict : you ' ve seen it all before .
starts off as a beauty american possible argentine reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers
been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again
) lets radical flag fly her , taking angry potshots at bush george w. , henry kissinger , larry king , et al .
managed to pack it with action enough to satisfy crowd the - bam boom without sacrifice a huge of character and mood
who opts to overlook lensed this well gorefest and endearing goofily -
nohe has made intro decent documentary a ' ` , but
provides introduction an accessible as well as intelligent observations some on success the of bollywood in western the world
as stiff , ponderous and charmless as apparatus mechanical a
looks more like agency travel a - video targeted at people who like to ride bikes
the artwork is spectacular and unlike animaton most from japan , characters the move with grace and panache
no solace here , no entertainment value , merely lesson a fierce in where filmmaking can take us
those movies barely registering blip a on screen radar the of 2002
that we believe that that 's what exactly two people these need to find each other
missing a great deal of the repartee acerbic of play the
unusual an protagonist wearing - jackson a kilt ( ) and subject matter
outbursts obligatory the of flatulence and ago - the so music incessant pop , minutes five - - on the soundtrack
brimming with neurotic energy , coltish , holds screen the like star true a .
there 's a plethora of characters in picture this , and not one of them is flat
but seriously , folks , it does n't work .
offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of sex gay ,
that should be used to burn every print of film the
boy teenage a out there somewhere who 's dying for kind this of entertainment
that 's bad a sign when they 're supposed to be having attack a collective heart
the filmmakers come up with nothing original in way the of sequences slapstick
's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .
horror about the just school best - - , film straight old up of years the last 15
as story engrossing an about a event horrifying historical and elements the which contributed to it
set in 1986 harlem a that does n't look much like anywhere in new york .
the stuff humanizing that will probably sink film the for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long
pacing the is often way off and there are many too fide bona groaners among laughs too few .
is never able to pull it back on course .
seemingly vehicle a to showcase ramblings inane canadian 's the
to see how many times they can work the words ` ` radical '' or ` ` suck '' into a sentence
be labeled hip ` ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of 's gasm flopping - elizabeth berkley dolphin .
there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
bordering on , offensive waste of time , money and celluloid .
glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and conniving a wit .
have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way
to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching skies the for his project next
gives neighborhood the -- scenery , vibe and all -- the equivalent cinematic of tender hug , a big
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short
mention ` ` solaris '' five years from now and i ' m sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .
has rivalry the all sibling and chaos family general to which anyone can relate
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing messages sexual and wish the to be part a of that adult elusive world
it 's funny , as old the saying goes , because it 's true .
it is doubtful feature listless this will win him new any viewers
handled affair , film a about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch
symbols the of loss and denial and life - at - arm 's - length in film the seem irritatingly transparent
i admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its time natural running .
less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after decades two
with first script dark admirably an by hanley brent , paxton , making feature debut his directorial , does strong , measured work .
i ' ve seen in a while , a meander through - worn material out
it certainly wo n't win awards any in department plot the but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time
will still come away with a sense of existential poignancy reserved but his .
example the quite sturdiest possibly yet of why revolution the dv has cheapened artistry the of making film a
'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in movie another
that that 's what exactly people two these need to find each other
has been overexposed , redolent of thousand a cliches ,
that epic indian hour an four - musical about game a cricket could be this good
show for labor their , living harmoniously , joined in song
arnold is not , nor will he be , back
should please fans of 's chris cult posthumously novel fuhrman published
like le john carré with a couple of out burnt cylinders -
to amuse resolutely parents most the even unreligious who escort ones little their to screenings megaplex
to play second fiddle to the effects dull that allow suit the to come to life
show gentle the side humane and of middle world politics eastern
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness
late marriage is an in - face your - family drama and black comedy that is filled with emotions raw conveying despair and love .
's head a - turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing
more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat
this is kind the of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker ,
` ` bad '' is operative word the for bad ` company `
we hate ( madonna ) within minutes 's the first five film ,
were made by a highly gifted 12 - year - old instead of a grown man
it 's as if solondz had ideas two for movies two , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so
it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .
much to absorb and even more to think about after final frame the
for its true - to - life characters , sensitive acting its , unadorned view its of rural life and the direction subtle of timer hilary - first birmingham
it feels more like pilot the episode of series tv a than a film feature
had a run bad in the market or costly divorce a
radiates star - power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
that they 're stuck with script a that prevents them from firing on cylinders all
to give blade fans look another at snipes ' wesley iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once
manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of audience his .
to find greatness in hue the of its drastic iconography
if we sometimes need fantasies comforting about illness mental , we also need movies like revolution 's mccann tim no . 9 .
, like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses more many paths than we started with
they were afraid to show movie this to reviewers before opening its , afraid of reviews bad the they thought they 'd earn .
say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
kid some who ca n't act , echoes only of jordan ,
captures , in interviews luminous and amazingly film evocative from three decades ago essence , the of experience dogtown the .
easily become , exercise a calculated cold in pastiche postmodern winds up deeply a and powerful example moving of moviemaking melodramatic
among reasons chief the brown sugar is sexy film a such and sweet
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and
's sarah dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic ,
it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides
seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .
fills time the with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , intrigue political , partisans and sabotage
a nifty twists few that are so crucial to the genre and rate performance another first - by top - bruce star billed willis
cinematic devices interesting ( visual backmasking cool ) , solid a cast
does the trick of making us care about protagonist its and celebrate his victories
came handed down from the movie gods on silver a platter
there surrender $ 93 minutes 9 and of life unrecoverable
it was only made for boys teenage and wrestling fans
trying to cope with and brutal the nature mysterious of adults
's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of fish that chatty
this is n't exactly cinema profound , but it 's good - natured and sometimes quite funny
comes closer to failure the of revenge the third of the nerds sequel
tunney , brimming with coltish energy , neurotic , holds the screen like true star a .
does n't come close to justifying hype the that surrounded its debut at the festival film sundance two years ago
thematic ironies the are too obvious and politics the sexual too smug
is light neither nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
convincingly paints sense urban specifically a of disassociation here .
movie awful thoroughly a -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... weird a amalgam of ` the thing ' and geriatric a
inuit an masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its tale uncanny of love , discord communal , and justice
returning director minkoff rob ... and joel rubin bruce screenwriter
fondness for screen split - fancy , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard
has all of dean mannerisms 's and self - indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability
bang your head on seat the in front of you , at its cluelessness
if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching documentary a ...
can never escape the heart of boy the when right movie the comes along , especially if it begins with name the of star wars
burger neil here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back springboard the for more immediate a mystery in present the .
guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an amount unlimited of phony blood , nothing good can happen .
archetypal desire namely an , to enjoy good trash every now and then .
pacing the is deadly , narration the helps little and
works beautifully as movie a without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable
is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the - burningly barn bad movie it promised it would be
the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has monopoly a on action mindless
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and
is little more than mall movie a designed to kill time .
story another love in 's procession 2002 remarkable of pictures sweeping that have reinvigorated genre the romance .
's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once
only for the publicists film 's or for people who take many drugs as as the 's film characters
, any waters movie john has it beat by country mile a .
have taken protagonists the a full hour to determine that in order to kill zombie a you must shoot it in head the
to think of any film more challenging or depressing than grey zone the
the adventures that happen along way the seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing sense no real of suspense
gets mileage full out of rolling the of barrel stray a or unexpected the blast of phonograph record a
a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier
in theory , middle - romance a aged pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising ,
deftly setting off humor uproarious with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing experience an that is richer than anticipated .
one of so those - so films that could have been much better
the kind of minor movie appealing quirkily she might not make for a while
if script this sappy was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
to convince audience the that brats these will ever be anything more than losers
's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters
it 's the kind exactly of toback 's detractors movie always accuse him of making .
, standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests tone moral a superior is more important than skill filmmaking
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or almodovar an movie without beauty or humor ,
is film a popcorn , not a must - own , or even a must - see
offers laughs and insight into one of toughest the ages a kid can go through .
nearly breaks little its neck trying to perform tricks entertaining
been made by people to whom idea the of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely concept foreign
film the ) tackles topic the of relationships in , manner emotionally such honest a straightforward that by end the
is that it 's too close to life real to make sense .
entertainment an so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for characters real and plots compelling .
cold plain colorful oddly bit , and , freaky just a otherworldly of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images
château the would have been benefited from cleaner , a script sharper before it went in front of camera the .
directs this intricately structured and well - realized drama that presents fascinating glimpse a of urban life and warfare class the that embroils two men young
the half first of gangster no . 1 drips with style
have not been this disappointed by movie a in long a time
some of magic the we saw in glitter here in wisegirls
while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in right direction the .
's exhilarating an place to visit , this laboratory of laughter
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability
one of 's memory thoughtful most films recent about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .
tale inspiring an of survival wrapped in suspense pounding - the heart of stylish thriller a psychological
's impossible to claim that it is ` ` based on a true story '' with face a straight .
's - old a movie fine - movie fashioned , , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to artistic significance great
improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper
is surely funniest the and most accurate depiction of writer
in cheap their b movie , way , they succeed
all too familiar ... basically sort the of tale cautionary that was old when ` angels with faces dirty ' appeared in 1938
, happy hour margarita represents auspicious an debut feature for chaiken .
a little uneven to be the 's meow cat , but it 's good enough to be the purr
wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors
i 'd be lying if i said ribcage my did n't ache by the end of kung pow .
is actually a look compelling at odyssey a young tragic woman 's .
much of all about lily chou chou - is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep
people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is entirely an foreign concept
is as blasphemous and nonsensical as luis a buñuel film
it is narrative an exciting and engaging of man confronting demons the of fear his own and paranoia
half about of them are funny , a few are sexy and
not for chops their acting , but for their looks
it 's effort an to watch movie this , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .
erratic drama wildly a with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .
reminder a only not of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .
lack strong minded a viewpoint - , or a sense of humor .
seems content to - dog paddle in the end mediocre of pool the , and
is simply a exercise lazy in filmmaking bad that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but intelligence your as well .
approaches work , endless his difficult with serenity remarkable and discipline .
this is n't a movie even we can enjoy as escapism mild
before producer some savvy saw success potential the inherent in mixture the of bubble bullock and goo hugh
as ugly as the shabby photography digital and muddy sound
... does n't deserve energy the it takes to describe how bad it is .
sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the - self destructiveness of people young many .
is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious
's dance a , sad lovely highlighted by directing kwan unique 's style .
eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of channel cable and - - - kids many family oriented a
runs good race a , one that will have you at the edge of seat your for long stretches
we 'd live in counterparts argento 's if hollywood ... had imagination this much and nerve
with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure
pump life into elements overworked from 's dirty period harry eastwood
has thrown every cliché suspenseful in the book at nonsensical story this .
watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a party clown children 's gets violently gang - raped
an mix uneasy of run - of - mill - the raunchy humor and seemingly personal reflection sincere
the six musical numbers crystallize moments key plot into minutely detailed wonders of ecstasy dreamlike .
the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from 's quotations familiar bartlett
in which the rest of the cast was outshined by cool ll j.
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are - first rate
just that and it 's what makes project their so interesting
if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results .
establishes itself as durable a part of landscape the movie
give you goosebumps as tale uncanny its of love , discord communal , and justice
all the more disquieting for its allusions relatively free gore - to the serial murders ,
works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever .
exquisite inventive its screenplay acting , , mesmerizing music , and many scenes inimitable
that 's about as subtle as party broadcast a political
idea the of making art 's kahlo living a , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting artist the into her own work
the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but movie great a it is not .
captivates and shows how skillful filmmaker a can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over head the .
may not be breakthrough a in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty
it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point
at the station looking for ticket a return to realism
shows us slice a of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
comes alive as its entity - breathing fire own in picture this
film a hallmark in industry an film increasingly important and worth look the .
with nothing but garden video savage music a on his resume
keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
i would go back and choose to skip it .
's funny little a movie with clever dialogue and characters likeable .
memoir 's behan is great material for film a -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in best sense the irish
become name a household on the basis of first starring vehicle his
evidence sad further that tom tykwer , director of run resonant - spinning sense run the lola and , has turned out to be a trick one - pony
, with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures life a interestingly lived
transcends its agenda to deliver awe - inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and
that krawczyk deserves amount a huge of credit the for film the 's thoroughly winning tone
rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .
infuses it into creepy tale , and a , rustic altogether realistic of invasion hidden
all substance the of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing
gives face a human to what 's often discussed in purely terms abstract .
which to hang characters - broad out mildly , fleshed that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
with an unusual protagonist wearing ( a kilt - jackson ) and matter subject , improbable ` ` formula the 51 '' is somewhat entertaining
bundling flowers the of perversity , comedy and romance into strangely tempting a bouquet of movie a
is a load of clams left in the sun broiling for three good a days
do all three quite well , making it one of 's most enjoyable the releases year
although the more lascivious - minded might be disappointed in relative modesty the of a movie that sports tutorial topless service a `
's full of cheesy dialogue , but fun trashy great that finally returns de palma to pulpy his thrillers of ' early the 80s
i admire scenes closing the of the film , which seem to ask whether civilization our offers a cure for 's complaint vincent .
is one film that 's truly deserving of oscar its nomination
may offend viewers not amused by sense sick the of humor .
` the war of the roses , ' style - trailer trash .
film worse no a than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming .
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered
losing its focus , point and purpose in mess a of messages mixed , over - blown drama and bruce willis
nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .
of grief sincere and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .
did n't convince me calvin that jr . 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of side chicago south 's
unpleasant debate an that 's been given drive the of narrative a and that 's been acted out
did no one on set the have a sense of humor ,
the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that
for making florid a biopic about queens mad , relationships obsessive , and rampant adultery so dull
will wind up as glum as de niro mr . .
fun trashy great that finally returns de palma to pulpy his thrillers of ' early the 80s
even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the problems same majority the of comedies action have .
movie the winds up feeling like opportunity great missed a .
tells uplifting and poignant story its in a fusion stunning of music and images .
good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad
young sampi everlyn , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates - power star potential in remarkable film and this memorable .
it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge - of - the - nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up .
actress gaï lead , she of long impossibly limbs the and conspiratorial smile sweetly
that there 's really not much of a sense of action
just combination another of bad animation and mindless violence ...
, guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .
illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
want to think too much about what 's going on
scenes ' irwins the are fascinating ; movie the as a whole is junk cheap and an insult to efforts death - defying their .
nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining
has thankfully ditched saccharine sentimentality the of bicentennial man in favor of altogether darker an side .
have successor worthy the to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for
she may not be real , but laughs the are .
settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in - , drama daytime guilty pleasure - a sort of fashion .
entirely suspenseful , extremely well - paced and ultimately ... dare i say , entertaining !
pay your $ 8 and get ready for the shear big
past 's a interest child and patience an 's adult
bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew
laborious whine , the bellyaching of and paranoid unlikable man a
fails to portray its talented notorious literarily subject and as anything much more than old a dirty man
other hallmarks of personal cinema his painted on canvas largest ever historical - their
could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of dolls the .
there are reasons very good very , for movies certain to be sealed in jar a and left on remote a shelf indefinitely .
, the film gets added disdain for fact the that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
boasts dialogue enough funny and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .
could n't have done any better in bringing story the of man spider - to the screen big .
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders tension its flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and resolutions its ritual
as though roach jay directed the film from the back of taxicab a
'll find yourself remembering visit refreshing this to a state sunshine .
that so many people put much time so and energy into turkey this
is kind the of movie that gets a release quick before real contenders arrive in september
settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in - - daytime , drama a pleasure sort guilty of fashion
is even worse than i imagined movie a ever could be
has delightfully dour deadpan a , tone and stylistic consistency .
bland , surfacey way a that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
to capture chaos the of france in the 1790 's
there may have been a good film in ` ` trouble every day , ''
' ve looked like as low - series budget a on uhf a channel
in the ease with which it integrates pasta fagioli - and comedy thoughtfulness
strained movies caper that 's hardly fun any to watch and begins to vaporize from memory minutes your after it ends .
and second , what 's with the all shooting ?
when you ' ve got the vin diesel popular wildly in equation the , it adds up to office bucks box big all but guaranteed .
that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering acting moments fine and insights pungent into - show . modern 's l.a biz and media
a maddeningly and score piano insistent repetitive that made me want to scream
despite mild the hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste
seems terrified of irreverent 's energy the book , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony .
premise , mopes through tract dreary a of virtually meanderings plotless and then ends with a whimper .
through amount remarkable a of material in the 's short film minutes 90
first road a - class movie that proves you can run away from home , but ego your
there 's nothing like love to give a movie b-12 shot a ,
mcgrath director douglas takes on nickleby with zeal the halfhearted all of grade an boy 8th delving into reading required .
rarely has a title 's film served warning such dire .
film an action disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
movie the about - monkey playing baseball the was worse . ''
're going to feel like you were n't invited to party the
sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters dimensions more obvious than two and repeatedly placing them in worn - contrived , well situations .
one ca n't help but be drawn in by sympathetic characters the
simple a tale of unlikely an friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional performances lead
perfectly serviceable and because he gives story the soul some
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result film the is basically a curiosity just
it 's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
not a stereotype is omitted nor cliché a left unsaid .
is nothing compared to the , screenplay contrived lame 's movie and listless direction
would n't be too crazy with movie 's grandson great - his splitting up in pretty much the same way .
simply radiates - star potential power in film and remarkable this memorable .
necessary self - control to guide loose film structured poorly a , through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
wonder of wonders -- teen a movie with humanistic message a .
accompanying hungry - the dimwits stunt in a series random of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc .
brilliantly employ and quirky fearless their ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing
fontaine direction 's , agreeably her startling especially use of close - ups and her grace with a camera moving , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of characters her
powerful documentary and a sobering about the severe kind most of loss personal :
amusing study , sharp a of the cult of celebrity
slo mo the whole - , pistoled hong pyrotechnic , ballistic - kong - double action
comedy a romantic lame about an character unsympathetic and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get
working women -- or this working at woman least -- for whom she shows little understanding
this is shrewd and film a effective from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
far from heaven is a dazzling feat conceptual , but more than that , it 's work a of enthralling drama .
are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
like a change in ( herzog policy personal 's )
adds up to big office bucks box all but guaranteed .
you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes
( ferrera ) has charisma the of young woman a who knows how to hold screen the .
who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by fans music
represents worst kind the of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly
of solomonic decision the facing parents jewish in turbulent times those
to create an story engaging that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
every bit as imperious as katzenberg the prince 's of egypt from 1998 .
not only is entry number twenty the worst of brosnan bunch the
it stays in formula -- which is waste a of niro de , mcdormand and good actors the other in cast the
- she - cute baggage into lead her role as and troubled cop a homicide determined to quite pull off the heavy stuff
diesel is that rare creature -- hero action an with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .