that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature
on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up
that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment
demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .
are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films
for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
equals the original and in some ways even betters it
if anything , see it for karen black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick .
which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish ,
will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted
more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature
proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .
poor ben bratt could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room
though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie
the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .
sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
, like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows
khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .
that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer
acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal .
would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling ,
altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece
nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .
the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
brings the proper conviction to his role as ( jason bourne ) .
as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .
so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws
, it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others .
just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar
justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau
have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .
's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting
with color and depth , and rather a good time
being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100
starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic .
speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be
enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments
believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects
only thing to fear about `` fear dot com ''
manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3
very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors
if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ...
the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators
to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little
this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .
understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
frida is n't that much different from many a hollywood romance .
does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .
tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination .
, esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it
look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction
guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses ,
two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm
is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .
i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again .
shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest
the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal
warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for
, home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
, the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates
create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead ***
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting
marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes
a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time
, it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days
enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker
you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , ''
help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact
you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride
luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago
from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own
, you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv
beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
is never any question of how things will turn out
just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .
a movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's
of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls
come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation
squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
( less a movie than ) an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so
that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony
makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama
never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding
`` auto focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era
right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ?
the energy it takes to describe how bad it is
could easily be called the best korean film of 2002
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .
of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived
weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive
you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .
, good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
gaghan ... has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .
the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ...
is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo .
, and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's ,
... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .
lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing ,
a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children .
for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
, reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake !
whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes .
is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
like max rothman 's future , does not work .
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and
may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless
balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
... familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc .
responsible for one of the worst movies of one year
understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself
it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen
's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 )
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type --
ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this
it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time
see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen
this romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' was .
failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
it 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .
, future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be
, but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished
taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating .
genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout ,
draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss
spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek )
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time .
of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
feeling guilty for it ... then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .
that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves
the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit
like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and
the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version
this may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen .
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it
tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in
a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages
makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .
the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .
movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire
a meditation on faith and madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff .
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in
uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans
suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it .
... the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances
placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers
the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes --
that the only rip off that we were aware of
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time
clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor
of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations ,
delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away
gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences .
find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most
if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution
the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion
that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and
showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times
make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok
would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence
a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan .
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie .
us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent
first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard
'' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .
visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet
kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .
convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .
the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name
is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one
a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination .
to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
schaeffer is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .
is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer
lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run
than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective
hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves
manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages
'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
like to skip but film buffs should get to know
come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films
get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once
is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable
from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script
change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and
is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate
great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
by no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .
who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
... the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .
in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .
that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances
, bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music
would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard
a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance
a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for
with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .
despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for
measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work
made eddie murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .
marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller
much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination
get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory
's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead
keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .
a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and
, the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .
is n't heated properly , so that it ends up
is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .
can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ...
to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and
like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story
by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen
is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own
can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today
the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake
mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team ,
everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .
has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but
ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare
it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman .
run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through
to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival
are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .
dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks
conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice
deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson
is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks .
of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd
i like that smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them .
, the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer
one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio
( seagal 's ) strenuous attempt at a change in expression
promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending
nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings
that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
just is n't as weird as it ought to be .
should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie
many of the things that made the first one charming
all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan .
a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller
it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon )
haneke 's script ( from elfriede jelinek 's novel ) is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .
though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
, scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . '
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .
a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and
has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood .
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history .
saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo
the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt
no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and
is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos ,
( allen ) manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .
thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life
lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them
's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .
good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch
( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really
the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .
been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit
to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style
from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002
delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them
's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director
stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy
a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
too bad kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story .
's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances ,
's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good
falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .
convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs
lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding .
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside ,
to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored
spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick
as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple
the film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way
is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be
continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers .
that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
we want the funk - and this movie 's got it
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries .
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .
hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild
revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .
` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
, director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic
does n't work because there is no foundation for it
coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic
predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol
others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france
a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .
it 's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film .
-- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline
if you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
that even its target audience talked all the way through it
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course
that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film
other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time
could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids .
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok
seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick
with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people
's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre
manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar
served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick
come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy
worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz
's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
, the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute
inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone
for that comes through all too painfully in the execution
counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget
begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but
to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .
drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other
you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .
back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy
authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment
a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place
the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness
the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution
is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .
falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .
like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .
nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible
to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time
's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
a thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions .
the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer
of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games
it is a likable story , told with competence .
especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget
the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .
drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst
's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .
proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast
's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers ' oeuvre
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it .
this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
`` brown sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .
tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet
clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it
will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way
construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt
pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema
play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it .
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .
dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they
a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay
a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse
need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 .
britney spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .
unfortunately , that 's precisely what arthur dong 's family fundamentals does .
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind
loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .
with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look
this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted
is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism .
is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive
arguably the best script that besson has written in years .
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and
, you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down
it 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period
sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role
, i would go back and choose to skip it .
anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little
terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english
director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting
are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee .
when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you .
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes
examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less
is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party
much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
the paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third ...
in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot
and , thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks .
`` sweet home alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...
all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions
all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones
playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer
does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject --
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky 's excellent music
steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
and it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except ,
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation .
the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable
finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort
ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops
downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness
directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful -
terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates
the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea
a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked
is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring
sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional
it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document
useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs
but unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it is n't much fun .
is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role
has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and
a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story
can take credit for most of the movie 's success .
still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing .
one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action
constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code
're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes
consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt
because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat
defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution .
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny ,
tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is
of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway
the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were
is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it
is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings
) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge
uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong
that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent
, the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining .
despite its visual virtuosity , ` naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut
we do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit .
godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .
are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams
as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy
be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality ,
'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it
, as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes
even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry
a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative ,
... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
, longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .
here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
what they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .
typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine
the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
, ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
judging by those standards , ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .
too daft by half ... but supremely good natured .
the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that .
rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment .
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies ,
a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather
`` frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! ''
the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .
that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here
you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
is akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material
ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon
shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places ,
unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller
a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been
stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies
of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .
's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant
awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue
lingering questions about what the film is really getting at
this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .
dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma
combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels
bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee
`` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .
is the stuff that disney movies are made of .
there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study
certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes
is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore .
itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension
, sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather .
nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel ,
of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun
is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing
could as easily have been called ` under siege 3 : in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and
, scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery ,
perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters
in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago
quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression .
is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce
an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .
style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast
your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna 's cameo does n't suck !
, the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .
`` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme
, others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground
it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it
but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself
like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out
afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience
want to watch if you only had a week to live
if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' does n't put you off
terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects
the most horrific movie experience i 've had since `` ca n't stop the music . ''
this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and
it 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland
the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult
you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love .
get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't .
a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit
allowing us to find the small , human moments ,
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle
the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together
an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports
, still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
, but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid
for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , ( harris ) brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman .
distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them
, clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
mike white 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching .
but mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography
i could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and
suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it
is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
that is as difficult for the audience to take as it
putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy
with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels .
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer
of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined
we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls
at least now we 've got something pretty damn close
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or
not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again .
which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better
seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics
why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ?
is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is
thought that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .
best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers
has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him
is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry
spielberg 's realization of a near-future america is masterful .
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses
for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer
however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence .
the title , alone , should scare any sane person away .
funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
it appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .
hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art
be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like
hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .
grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him
finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother
forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would .
, you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd .
audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying
is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .
the script has less spice than a rat burger and
to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .
davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air
issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate
-- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein 's brain .
shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes
the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids
-- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way --
stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day
so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir
're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase
seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle '
in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world
also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .
goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .
that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender
ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context
wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself
which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor
makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend
is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .
if you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .
most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit .
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying ,
unlike most surf movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized
lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story
end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character
it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming
this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
who are trying to make their way through this tragedy
a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series
they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...
like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .
for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud .
that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar .
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .
after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood
leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism
a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .
by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh
abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama
the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .
, with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .
both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise
play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution
be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble
elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe
engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay
things really get weird , though not particularly scary :
is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose
, you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work .
... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen
leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold
starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was n't
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .
the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
but on the whole , you 're gon na like this movie .
a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role
relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius .
by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others
its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness
although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired
the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story .
, it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital
campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson .
put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese
of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness
the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness
the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire
even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work
because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
( hell is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through .
impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up
struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
... portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .
survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy
affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank
stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin
is an actress works as well as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple .
see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead
delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .
dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost
so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
one of his most daring , and complicated , performances
, festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ...
brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about
the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances
even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket
the movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .
'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you
tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony
there 's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics
becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
the heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .
staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .
was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .
open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set
director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as
it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
, crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting
an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie .
's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power
hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all -
to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity
he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next .
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was ...
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work
's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows
samuel l. jackson is one of the best actors there is .
treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but
should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! ''
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony
feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject
is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .
a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout
neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news
is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?
's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .
wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting
a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted
the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 .
such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen
with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
that the movie has no idea of it is serious or
willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching
hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss
( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )
's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison .
the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy
often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .
push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time
bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) wears its heart on its sleeve
this is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .
a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex
, bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time
how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?
that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard
the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor
, the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
however , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again
is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .
in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life
the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale --
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost
emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime .
presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but )
is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in
... a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but
is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream
astonishing ... ( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment
this starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast .
a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .
like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids
be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
, one hour photo lives down to its title .
resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers
's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong
is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen
most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
it 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made ( eyre 's ) first film something of a sleeper success
a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .
labute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .
are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting
the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy
on , well , love in the time of money
uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances
's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .
bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .
it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .
is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...
, ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '
every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
to give them credit for : the message of the movie
says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle .
be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop
appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché
formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff
delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion
, the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events
aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice
a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis
hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being .
option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness
like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance .
is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?
is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen
will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg
is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience
is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .
it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture
photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .
for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes ,
, it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad ,
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and
it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for ''
implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise ,
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical
are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .
is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless .
enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .
everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .
, assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others
know what it wants to be when it grows up
, it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie
gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality
would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects
not only a pianist , but a good human being
what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .
owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?
is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
i ca n't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .
a movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .
numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before .
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but
tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims
a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well before the end
watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement
is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them !
a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
, you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest
every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere ,
a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture ,
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long
do n't want to think too much about what 's going on
what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors
delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph
just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy .
with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks
, this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny .
this is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair
become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters
this director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .
lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile ,
we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life
asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .
written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job done .
it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but ayurveda does the field no favors .
i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
a blair witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast
are no special effects , and no hollywood endings .
has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best
i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next
you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd
to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor
a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ;
that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash
reduces wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon
future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
it 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .
expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .
befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
a very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy .
you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger
the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .
as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension
instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv 's big brother
to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich
madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .
is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
if you grew up on scooby -- you 'll love this movie .
it does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .
why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and
some body will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have .
talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise
the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds
anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material
his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . '
's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .
a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .
of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family
a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings
it wo n't hold up over the long haul ,
religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and
will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience ,
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional .
it shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable
you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together
this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be .
watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness
the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth
pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
work the words `` radical '' or `` suck ''
is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . '
actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode
has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life
a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
, there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story
to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images
at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions --
's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham
the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray
seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags
found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally
rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek
... begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .
director hoffman , his writer and kline 's agent should serve detention
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing
encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .
's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer
feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo
can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
insomnia is one of the year 's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen
are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent .
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .
to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television
that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it
balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness ,
once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant
for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical
as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema
is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children
, thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks .
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped
anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem
that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action
the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't hollywood think of this sooner ?
's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh .
mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart
a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace
a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation
it 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting ,
is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks .
a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone
probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters
chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and
's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role
a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances .
even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making
that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees
is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst
this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story
have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ...
effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another
the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen
especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera
grab your kids and run and then probably call the police
while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift
the best comedy concert movie i 've seen since cho 's previous concert comedy film
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .
, why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?
the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film
pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart
douglas mcgrath 's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically .
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .
understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place
sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours
is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes
hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it
is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor
returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension
on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind
tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time ,
it 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past
the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon
more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge '
that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad
, ( goldbacher ) just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .
take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire
the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half
but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care
goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha .
once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me
a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ...
found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun .
seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness .
it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational
to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean .
is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child
but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us
a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries ,
these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change ,
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare
one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen
through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause
to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags
seem less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .
's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents
what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises ,
a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny
fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all .
thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies
some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier
bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you
`` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock
, harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated
set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock .
can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
on the whole , you 're gon na like this movie .
is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction
's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .
it 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story
constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure ,
around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears
the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
, those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller
of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script
, accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .
` just letting the mountain tell you what to do
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating
ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
, i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but it is not what is on the screen
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth
to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater
that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal
is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience
that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films ,
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and ,
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .
might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .
look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten
the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america
it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .
hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format
to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart
originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller
it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' ,
the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose
joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank ,
will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
will have you talking 'til the end of the year
that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .
the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid
... rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .
that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie
, elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick
which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again
create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time
is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much
for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling
the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen
who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world
has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .
is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane .
engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent
are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels
hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ` cherish ' a very good ( but not great ) movie .
about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise
this is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .
it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled
has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
, in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness
the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt .
undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy
a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with
landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
it is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .
( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards
i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .
attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
i wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin
work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse
gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls
certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry
... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language .
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries
a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .
complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days
will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering
's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull
look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role
it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers
its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects
does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers
of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves
is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism
what begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .
story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre
, its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes .
less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese
has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness
, the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun
for a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .
the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though
the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel
, cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies
sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions
it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary
leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people
is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be
should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable .
de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun
michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal
rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast
dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work .
an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending
sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys
, one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series .
this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .
about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time
from both a great and a terrible story , mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .
's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels .
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .
expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup .
the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself
with jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
there 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .
's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty --
a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what
the best advice is : ` scooby ' do n't .
that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other
, this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .
to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins
about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina
while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter
from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy
the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely
it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten
final verdict : you 've seen it all before .
starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers
been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again
) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al .
managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world
as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache
no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us
those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002
that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other
missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play
an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter
the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack
brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat
but seriously , folks , it does n't work .
offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex ,
that should be used to burn every print of the film
a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment
that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack
the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years
as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it
set in a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york .
the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .
is never able to pull it back on course .
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings
to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm .
there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way
to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short
mention `` solaris '' five years from now and i 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .
has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world
it 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .
it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers
handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch
the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent
i admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .
less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time
will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film
'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie
that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches ,
that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good
show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song
arnold is not , nor will he be , back
should please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel
like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders
to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings
to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness
late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing
more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker ,
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes ,
were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so
it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .
much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame
for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham
it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce
radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once
manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 .
, like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
they were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .
say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan ,
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience .
easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic ,
it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides
seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .
fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast
does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter
there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny
comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago
the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .
a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
returning director rob minkoff ... and screenwriter bruce joel rubin
fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard
has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness
if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...
can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars
neil burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .
guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .
namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and
works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable
is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and
is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once
only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
, any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone
the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense
gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record
a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising ,
deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
one of those so-so films that could have been much better
the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers
's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters
it 's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .
, standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor ,
is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see
offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .
nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
the film ) tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .
an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images
the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .
directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men
the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style
have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time
some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls
while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability
one of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .
an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face .
's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance
improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper
is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer
in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed
all too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938
, margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken .
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr
wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors
i 'd be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow .
is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep
people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film
it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia
about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and
not for their acting chops , but for their looks
it 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .
not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .
lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and
is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism
before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo
as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound
... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .
is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious
's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style .
eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure
pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period
has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .
watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection
the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations
in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j.
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate
just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results .
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape
give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders ,
works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever .
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast
the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work
the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not .
captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty
it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point
at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .
with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume
keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
i would go back and choose to skip it .
's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense
become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony
, with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and
that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .
infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion
all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing
gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .
which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining
bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie
is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
i admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint .
is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination
may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .
` the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style .
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming .
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered
losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis
nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .
of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .
did n't convince me that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side
an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out
did no one on the set have a sense of humor ,
the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that
for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull
will wind up as glum as mr. de niro .
great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up .
lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile
that there 's really not much of a sense of action
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ...
, guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .
illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
want to think too much about what 's going on
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .
nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining
has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favor of an altogether darker side .
have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for
she may not be real , but the laughs are .
settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare i say , entertaining !
pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear
past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience
bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew
laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man
fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man
other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas
could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .
there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
, the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .
could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen .
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual
as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab
'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .
that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey
is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september
settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion
is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be
has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , ''
've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel
in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
and second , what 's with all the shooting ?
when you 've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media
a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream
despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste
seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony .
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot ,
director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .
an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''
're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party
sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .
one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances
perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity
it 's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid .
is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction
would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .
accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc .
brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing
fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss :
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity
the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get
working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding
this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama .
are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
like a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy
adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes
( ferrera ) has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly
of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times
to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 .
not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch
it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast
- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff
diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .